src/pages/statements/accessibility.md, before:

---
title: Accessibility
keyword: accessibility statement
updated: 2025-02-20T21:13:48+0800
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 15
---

Accessibility is highly relevant to me as a disabled and neurodivergent person. Therefore, even though this website is primarily meant to be my own space of self-expression, I also want visitors to my website to have the best possible experience of browsing my website.

Therefore, I strive to design my website to be accessible, including to fellow disabled and neurodivergent people, by aiming to meet [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) Level AA standards.

## Accessibility Features

High-level overview of the accessibility features of this site:

* Responsive design and mobile-friendly layout.
* Semantic HTML, enhanced by Web Accessibility Initiative – Accessible Rich Internet Applications (WAI-ARIA).
* Sufficient colour contrast between text and background colours.
* Alt text for all non-decorative images, occasionally accompanied with longer image descriptions.
* Keyboard navigation-friendly: Every interactive element can be focused and interacted with keyboard buttons, with visible outline when focused.
* Logical content and heading flow.
* Links to skip to the main content or the top of the page.
* Sufficient font size that can be enlarged without breaking the site layout
* No autoplaying audio or video.
* A button below code blocks to copy code snippets with one click. (Requires JavaScript enabled in the browser)

This site uses the [Lexend](https://www.lexend.com/) font family as the default font and [Intel One Mono](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/company-overview/one-monospace-font.html) as the monospaced font to improve text readability.

## Testing

I use the following tools to test my site for accessibility:
* WebAIM's [WAVE Browser Extension](https://wave.webaim.org/extension/)
* [axe DevTools - Web Accessibility Testing](https://www.deque.com/axe/browser-extensions/) browser extension
* [Alex Clapperton's Colour Contrast Checker](https://colourcontrast.cc/)
* [NVDA](https://www.nvaccess.org/about-nvda/) screen reader for Windows
* TalkBack screen reader for Android

In addition, I test the accessibility of my website manually by navigating with keyboard alone.

## Feedback

Feedback from disabled and neurodivergent people are welcome. You can [contact me via email](mailto:{{ sitemeta.siteAuthor.emailEncoded | safe }}) for feedbacks and suggestions for improving the accessibility of this site.

Commit message:

Add search page powered by Pagefind

src/pages/statements/accessibility.md, after:

---
title: Accessibility
keyword: accessibility statement
updated: 2025-05-09T10:05:02+0800
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 15
---

Accessibility is highly relevant to me as a disabled and neurodivergent person. Therefore, even though this website is primarily meant to be my own space of self-expression, I also want visitors to my website to have the best possible experience of browsing my website.

Therefore, I strive to design my website to be accessible, including to fellow disabled and neurodivergent people, by aiming to meet [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) Level AA standards.

## Accessibility Features

High-level overview of the accessibility features of this site:

* Responsive design and mobile-friendly layout.
* Semantic HTML, enhanced by Web Accessibility Initiative – Accessible Rich Internet Applications (WAI-ARIA).
* Sufficient colour contrast between text and background colours.
* Alt text for all non-decorative images, occasionally accompanied with longer image descriptions.
* Keyboard navigation-friendly: Every interactive element can be focused and interacted with keyboard buttons, with visible outline when focused.
* Logical content and heading flow.
* Links to skip to the main content or the top of the page.
* Sufficient font size that can be enlarged without breaking the site layout
* No autoplaying audio or video.
* A button below code blocks to copy code snippets with one click. (Requires JavaScript enabled in the browser)

This site uses the [Lexend](https://www.lexend.com/) font family as the default font and [Intel One Mono](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/company-overview/one-monospace-font.html) as the monospaced font to improve text readability.

## Testing

I use the following tools to test my site for accessibility:
* WebAIM's [WAVE Browser Extension](https://wave.webaim.org/extension/)
* [axe DevTools - Web Accessibility Testing](https://www.deque.com/axe/browser-extensions/) browser extension
* [Alex Clapperton's Colour Contrast Checker](https://colourcontrast.cc/)
* [NVDA](https://www.nvaccess.org/about-nvda/) screen reader for Windows
* TalkBack screen reader for Android

In addition, I test the accessibility of my website manually by navigating with keyboard alone.

## Known Issues

The website's [Search page](/search/) includes a search field that is powered by [Pagefind](https://pagefind.app/), which has a [known issue](https://github.com/CloudCannon/pagefind/issues/158) of its search field input not being properly labelled, which affects screen readers' ability to understand the search field.

## Feedback

Feedback from disabled and neurodivergent people are welcome. You can [contact me via email](mailto:{{ sitemeta.siteAuthor.emailEncoded | safe }}) for feedbacks and suggestions for improving the accessibility of this site.
