src/pages/footerlinks/uses.md, before:

---
title: Uses
desc: A non-exhaustive list of hardware and software that I use.
updated: 2025-09-07T14:55:21+0800
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
     order: 10
---

Below is a non-exhaustive list of the hardware and software that I use.

You can find more /uses pages on [uses.tech](https://uses.tech/).

## Hardware

- PC: Asus TUF Gaming A15. Purchased in July 2025.
- Smartphone: Xiaomi Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G. Purchased in August 2024.
- Smartwatch: Xiaomi Smart Band 9
- Video game consoles: Nintendo 3DS XL (with [custom firmware](https://3ds.hacks.guide/) installed), and Nintendo Switch

## Software

### General

- Fonts:
    - Sans serif: [Readex Pro](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Readex+Pro)
    - Serif: [Literata](https://github.com/googlefonts/literata)
    - Monospace: [Intel One Mono](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/company-overview/one-monospace-font.html)
    - Chinese: [Noto CJK](https://github.com/notofonts/noto-cjk)
- Colour Scheme: [Catppuccin](https://catppuccin.com/) (especially the Mocha flavour and Mauve accent)

### Operating Systems

- PC: [Arch Linux](https://archlinux.org/) with [KDE Plasma](https://kde.org/plasma-desktop/) desktop environment
- Virtual private server: [Debian](https://www.debian.org/) Stable
- Smartphone: Xiaomi HyperOS 2.0, based on Android 15
- Smartwatch: Xiaomi HyperOS 2.0

### Operating System Utilities

- Configuration files manager: [Yet Another Dotfile Manger](https://yadm.io/) (yadm)
- Package manager:
    - PC: [pacman](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Pacman), [yay](https://github.com/Jguer/yay), and [Flatpak](https://flatpak.org/)
    - Virtual private server: [APT](https://wiki.debian.org/AptCLI)
- [MIUI-Debloater](https://github.com/kirthandev/MIUI-Debloater-official)
- Mobile app manager: [Obtanium](https://github.com/ImranR98/Obtainium)
- Input method: [Fcitx](https://fcitx-im.org/) on PC, and Gboard on smartphone
- Screen reader: [Orca](https://orca.gnome.org/) on PC, and TalkBack on smartphone
- System fetch: [fastfetch](https://github.com/fastfetch-cli/fastfetch)

### Terminal

- Command line shell: [Fish](https://fishshell.com/) (default) and [Bash](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)
- Terminal emulator:
    - [kitty](https://sw.kovidgoyal.net/kitty/) (default)
    - [Konsole](https://konsole.kde.org/) (KDE apps' built-in terminal)
    - [GNOME Terminal](https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Terminal) (for when I use a screen reader)
- Shell prompt customisation: [Starship](https://starship.rs/)
- Terminal multiplexer: [tmux](https://github.com/tmux/tmux/wiki)
- Fuzzy finder: [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- Terminal clipboard utilities: [wl-clipboard](https://github.com/bugaevc/wl-clipboard)
- `cat` command alternative: [bat](https://github.com/sharkdp/bat)
- `cd` command alternative: [zoxide](https://github.com/ajeetdsouza/zoxide)
- `find` command alternative: [fd](https://github.com/sharkdp/fd)
- `grep` command alternative: [ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep) (rg)
- `ls` command alternative: [eza](https://github.com/eza-community/eza)

### Internet

- Web browser: [Mozilla Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/), [Vivaldi](https://vivaldi.com/), [Lynx](https://lynx.invisible-island.net/), and [Tor Browser](https://www.torproject.org/)
- Search engine: [Ecosia](https://www.ecosia.org/) and [Mullvad Leta](https://leta.mullvad.net/)
- Email service: [Purelymail](https://purelymail.com/), [Proton Mail](https://proton.me/mail) and Gmail
- Email client: [Mozilla Thunderbird](https://www.thunderbird.net/)
- Feed reader: [Miniflux](https://miniflux.app/) (my own instance), and [Capy Reader](https://capyreader.com/) on smartphone
- VPN: [Proton VPN](https://protonvpn.com/)
- IRC client: [The Lounge](https://thelounge.chat/) (my own instance)
- Mastodon client: [Tokodon](https://apps.kde.org/tokodon/) on PC, and [Moshidon](https://github.com/LucasGGamerM/moshidon) on smartphone
- YouTube client: [yt-x](https://github.com/Benexl/yt-x) (terminal) and [FreeTube](https://freetubeapp.io/) (GUI) on desktop, and [NewPipe](https://newpipe.net/) on smartphone
- Front-ends: [LibRedirect](https://libredirect.github.io/) browser extension for redirecting web pages.
    - Reddit: [Redlib](https://github.com/redlib-org/redlib)
    - Stack Overflow: [AnonymousOverflow](https://github.com/httpjamesm/AnonymousOverflow)
    - Goodreads: [BiblioReads](https://github.com/nesaku/BiblioReads)
    - Fandom.com: [BreezeWiki](https://breezewiki.com/)

### Productivity

- Notes:
	- [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) for writing, project management and personal knowledge base
	- [Standard Notes](https://standardnotes.com/) for quick notes
- Cloud storage:
	- [pCloud](https://www.pcloud.com/) (Lifetime paid plan)
	- [Tresorit](https://tresorit.com/) (free plan) for storing my most important files
	- [Nextcloud](https://nextcloud.com/) ([The Good Cloud](https://thegood.cloud/) instance, free plan) for storing my Obsidian vaults and notes
- File synchronisation: [Syncthing](https://syncthing.net/)
- Bookmarks: [Floccus](https://floccus.org/) with Nextcloud Files WebDAV, and my own instance of [Linkding](https://linkding.link/)
- Text editor: [KWrite](https://apps.kde.org/kwrite/)
- Office suite: [LibreOffice](https://www.libreoffice.org/)
- Calendar: [Nextcloud](https://nextcloud.com/) ([The Good Cloud](https://thegood.cloud/) instance) with [Mozilla Thunderbird](https://www.thunderbird.net/)
- Tasks: Nextcloud (The Good Cloud instance) with Mozilla Thunderbird
- Personal finance: [Actual Budget](https://actualbudget.org/) (my own instance)
- Spellchecker: [LanguageTool](https://languagetool.org/)
- Translator: [Mozhi](https://codeberg.org/aryak/mozhi) (my own instance)

### Security

- Password manager: [BitWarden](https://bitwarden.com/) and [KeePassXC](https://keepassxc.org/)
- Multi-factor authenticator: [Ente Auth](https://ente.io/auth/)
- Cloud storage encryption: [Cryptomator](https://cryptomator.org/)
- OpenPGP: [GnuPG](https://www.gnupg.org/) with [Kleopatra](https://apps.kde.org/kleopatra/)

### Software Development

- Integrated development environment (IDE): [Neovim](https://neovim.io/) with the [LazyVim](https://www.lazyvim.org/) setup
- Code editors: [Vim](https://www.vim.org/) and [Kate](https://kate-editor.org/)
- Version control: [Git](https://git-scm.com/) with [GitHub](https://github.com/) and [my own Gitea instance](https://git.leilukin.com/)
    - Git terminal UI: [lazygit](https://github.com/jesseduffield/lazygit)

### Media

- Image viewer: [Gwenview](https://apps.kde.org/gwenview/) (GUI) and [chafa](https://github.com/hpjansson/chafa) (CLI) on PC, and [Simple Gallery](https://github.com/SimpleMobileTools/Simple-Gallery) on smartphone
- Video and audio player: [mpv](https://mpv.io/) on PC, and [mpv-android](https://github.com/mpv-android/mpv-android) on smartphone
- Music library: [Elisa](https://apps.kde.org/elisa/) on PC, and [Simple Music Player](https://github.com/SimpleMobileTools/Simple-Music-Player) on smartphone
- Podcast management: [PinePods](https://www.pinepods.online/) (my own instance)
- Podcast client: [PinePods](https://www.pinepods.online/) on PC, and [AnthennaPod](https://antennapod.org/) on mobile
- PDF viewer: [Okular](https://okular.kde.org/) on PC, and [MJ PDF](https://gitlab.com/mudlej_android/mj_pdf_reader) on smartphone
- Markdown viewer: [ghostwriter](https://ghostwriter.kde.org/)
- E-book viewer: [Foliate](https://johnfactotum.github.io/foliate/) on PC, and [Librera Reader](https://librera.mobi/) FDroid on smartphone
- Comic reader: [YACReader](https://www.yacreader.com/)
- Screenshot tool: [Spectacle](https://invent.kde.org/plasma/spectacle)
- Screen recorder: [GPU Screen Recorder](https://git.dec05eba.com/gpu-screen-recorder/about/) (also used for taking video game screenshots)
- Image converter: [ImageMagick](https://www.imagemagick.org/)
- Media converter: [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/)
- Video and audio downloader: [yt-dlp](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp)
- Audio effects: [Easy Effects](https://github.com/wwmm/easyeffects)

### Art and Design

- Photo editor: [Affinity Photo 2](https://affinity.serif.com/photo/) (installed with [Lutris](https://lutris.net/) based on [AffinityOnLinux's guide](https://github.com/seapear/AffinityOnLinux/blob/main/Guides/Lutris/Guide.md)) and [GNU Image Manipulation Program](https://www.gimp.org/)
- Vector graphic editor: [Affinity Designer 2](https://affinity.serif.com/designer/) (installed with [Lutris](https://lutris.net/) based on [AffinityOnLinux's guide](https://github.com/seapear/AffinityOnLinux/blob/main/Guides/Lutris/Guide.md)) and [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/)
- Drawing: [Krita](https://krita.org/)
- Video editor: [Kdenlive](https://kdenlive.org/)
- Audio editor: [Tenacity](https://tenacityaudio.org/)

Commit message:

chore(uses): add file manager and update OS utilities

src/pages/footerlinks/uses.md, after:

---
title: Uses
desc: A non-exhaustive list of hardware and software that I use.
updated: 2025-09-10T00:15:00+0800
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
     order: 10
---

Below is a non-exhaustive list of the hardware and software that I use.

You can find more /uses pages on [uses.tech](https://uses.tech/).

## Hardware

- PC: Asus TUF Gaming A15. Purchased in July 2025.
- Smartphone: Xiaomi Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G. Purchased in August 2024.
- Smartwatch: Xiaomi Smart Band 9
- Video game consoles: Nintendo 3DS XL (with [custom firmware](https://3ds.hacks.guide/) installed), and Nintendo Switch

## Software

### General

- Fonts:
    - Sans serif: [Readex Pro](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Readex+Pro)
    - Serif: [Literata](https://github.com/googlefonts/literata)
    - Monospace: [Intel One Mono](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/company-overview/one-monospace-font.html)
    - Chinese: [Noto CJK](https://github.com/notofonts/noto-cjk)
- Colour scheme: [Catppuccin](https://catppuccin.com/) (especially the Mocha flavour and Mauve accent)

### Operating Systems

- PC: [Arch Linux](https://archlinux.org/) with [KDE Plasma](https://kde.org/plasma-desktop/) desktop environment
- Virtual private server: [Debian](https://www.debian.org/) Stable
- Smartphone: Xiaomi HyperOS 2.0, based on Android 15
- Smartwatch: Xiaomi HyperOS 2.0

### Operating System Utilities

- Configuration files manager: [Yet Another Dotfile Manger](https://yadm.io/) (yadm)
- Package manager:
    - PC: [pacman](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Pacman), [yay](https://github.com/Jguer/yay), and [Flatpak](https://flatpak.org/)
    - Virtual private server: [APT](https://wiki.debian.org/AptCLI)
- Debloater: [MIUI-Debloater](https://github.com/kirthandev/MIUI-Debloater-official) on smartphone
- Mobile app manager: [Obtanium](https://github.com/ImranR98/Obtainium)
- Input method: [Fcitx](https://fcitx-im.org/) on PC, and Gboard on smartphone
- Screen reader: [Orca](https://orca.gnome.org/) on PC, and TalkBack on smartphone
- System information fetcher: [fastfetch](https://github.com/fastfetch-cli/fastfetch) on PC
- File manager: [Dolphin](https://apps.kde.org/en-gb/dolphin/) (GUI) and [ranger](https://ranger.fm/) (terminal) on PC, and [Simple File Manager](https://github.com/SimpleMobileTools/Simple-File-Manager) on smartphone

### Terminal

- Command line shell: [Fish](https://fishshell.com/) (default) and [Bash](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)
- Terminal emulator:
    - [kitty](https://sw.kovidgoyal.net/kitty/) (default)
    - [Konsole](https://konsole.kde.org/) (KDE apps' built-in terminal)
    - [GNOME Terminal](https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Terminal) (for when I use a screen reader)
- Shell prompt customisation: [Starship](https://starship.rs/)
- Terminal multiplexer: [tmux](https://github.com/tmux/tmux/wiki)
- Fuzzy finder: [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- Terminal clipboard utilities: [wl-clipboard](https://github.com/bugaevc/wl-clipboard)
- `cat` command alternative: [bat](https://github.com/sharkdp/bat)
- `cd` command alternative: [zoxide](https://github.com/ajeetdsouza/zoxide)
- `find` command alternative: [fd](https://github.com/sharkdp/fd)
- `grep` command alternative: [ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep) (rg)
- `ls` command alternative: [eza](https://github.com/eza-community/eza)

### Internet

- Web browser: [Mozilla Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/), [Vivaldi](https://vivaldi.com/), [Lynx](https://lynx.invisible-island.net/), and [Tor Browser](https://www.torproject.org/)
- Search engine: [Ecosia](https://www.ecosia.org/) and [Mullvad Leta](https://leta.mullvad.net/)
- Email service: [Purelymail](https://purelymail.com/), [Proton Mail](https://proton.me/mail) and Gmail
- Email client: [Mozilla Thunderbird](https://www.thunderbird.net/)
- Feed reader: [Miniflux](https://miniflux.app/) (my own instance), and [Capy Reader](https://capyreader.com/) on smartphone
- VPN: [Proton VPN](https://protonvpn.com/)
- IRC client: [The Lounge](https://thelounge.chat/) (my own instance)
- Mastodon client: [Tokodon](https://apps.kde.org/tokodon/) on PC, and [Moshidon](https://github.com/LucasGGamerM/moshidon) on smartphone
- YouTube client: [yt-x](https://github.com/Benexl/yt-x) (terminal) and [FreeTube](https://freetubeapp.io/) (GUI) on desktop, and [NewPipe](https://newpipe.net/) on smartphone
- Front-ends: [LibRedirect](https://libredirect.github.io/) browser extension for redirecting web pages.
    - Reddit: [Redlib](https://github.com/redlib-org/redlib)
    - Stack Overflow: [AnonymousOverflow](https://github.com/httpjamesm/AnonymousOverflow)
    - Goodreads: [BiblioReads](https://github.com/nesaku/BiblioReads)
    - Fandom.com: [BreezeWiki](https://breezewiki.com/)

### Productivity

- Notes:
	- [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) for writing, project management and personal knowledge base
	- [Standard Notes](https://standardnotes.com/) for quick notes
- Cloud storage:
	- [pCloud](https://www.pcloud.com/) (Lifetime paid plan)
	- [Tresorit](https://tresorit.com/) (free plan) for storing my most important files
	- [Nextcloud](https://nextcloud.com/) ([The Good Cloud](https://thegood.cloud/) instance, free plan) for storing my Obsidian vaults and notes
- File synchronisation: [Syncthing](https://syncthing.net/)
- Bookmarks: [Floccus](https://floccus.org/) with Nextcloud Files WebDAV, and my own instance of [Linkding](https://linkding.link/)
- Text editor: [KWrite](https://apps.kde.org/kwrite/)
- Office suite: [LibreOffice](https://www.libreoffice.org/)
- Calendar: [Nextcloud](https://nextcloud.com/) ([The Good Cloud](https://thegood.cloud/) instance) with [Mozilla Thunderbird](https://www.thunderbird.net/)
- Tasks: Nextcloud (The Good Cloud instance) with Mozilla Thunderbird
- Personal finance: [Actual Budget](https://actualbudget.org/) (my own instance)
- Spellchecker: [LanguageTool](https://languagetool.org/)
- Translator: [Mozhi](https://codeberg.org/aryak/mozhi) (my own instance)

### Security

- Password manager: [BitWarden](https://bitwarden.com/) and [KeePassXC](https://keepassxc.org/)
- Multi-factor authenticator: [Ente Auth](https://ente.io/auth/)
- Cloud storage encryption: [Cryptomator](https://cryptomator.org/)
- OpenPGP: [GnuPG](https://www.gnupg.org/) with [Kleopatra](https://apps.kde.org/kleopatra/)

### Software Development

- Integrated development environment (IDE): [Neovim](https://neovim.io/) with the [LazyVim](https://www.lazyvim.org/) setup
- Code editors: [Vim](https://www.vim.org/) and [Kate](https://kate-editor.org/)
- Version control: [Git](https://git-scm.com/) with [GitHub](https://github.com/) and [my own Gitea instance](https://git.leilukin.com/)
    - Git terminal UI: [lazygit](https://github.com/jesseduffield/lazygit)

### Media

- Image viewer: [Gwenview](https://apps.kde.org/gwenview/) (GUI) and [chafa](https://github.com/hpjansson/chafa) (CLI) on PC, and [Simple Gallery](https://github.com/SimpleMobileTools/Simple-Gallery) on smartphone
- Video and audio player: [mpv](https://mpv.io/) on PC, and [mpv-android](https://github.com/mpv-android/mpv-android) on smartphone
- Music library: [Elisa](https://apps.kde.org/elisa/) on PC, and [Simple Music Player](https://github.com/SimpleMobileTools/Simple-Music-Player) on smartphone
- Podcast management: [PinePods](https://www.pinepods.online/) (my own instance)
- Podcast client: [PinePods](https://www.pinepods.online/) on PC, and [AnthennaPod](https://antennapod.org/) on mobile
- PDF viewer: [Okular](https://okular.kde.org/) on PC, and [MJ PDF](https://gitlab.com/mudlej_android/mj_pdf_reader) on smartphone
- Markdown viewer: [ghostwriter](https://ghostwriter.kde.org/)
- E-book viewer: [Foliate](https://johnfactotum.github.io/foliate/) on PC, and [Librera Reader](https://librera.mobi/) FDroid on smartphone
- Comic reader: [YACReader](https://www.yacreader.com/)
- Screenshot tool: [Spectacle](https://invent.kde.org/plasma/spectacle)
- Screen recorder: [GPU Screen Recorder](https://git.dec05eba.com/gpu-screen-recorder/about/) (also used for taking video game screenshots)
- Image converter: [ImageMagick](https://www.imagemagick.org/)
- Media converter: [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/)
- Video and audio downloader: [yt-dlp](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp)
- Audio effects: [Easy Effects](https://github.com/wwmm/easyeffects)

### Art and Design

- Photo editor: [Affinity Photo 2](https://affinity.serif.com/photo/) (installed with [Lutris](https://lutris.net/) based on [AffinityOnLinux's guide](https://github.com/seapear/AffinityOnLinux/blob/main/Guides/Lutris/Guide.md)) and [GNU Image Manipulation Program](https://www.gimp.org/)
- Vector graphic editor: [Affinity Designer 2](https://affinity.serif.com/designer/) (installed with [Lutris](https://lutris.net/) based on [AffinityOnLinux's guide](https://github.com/seapear/AffinityOnLinux/blob/main/Guides/Lutris/Guide.md)) and [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/)
- Drawing: [Krita](https://krita.org/)
- Video editor: [Kdenlive](https://kdenlive.org/)
- Audio editor: [Tenacity](https://tenacityaudio.org/)
