src/links/articles.md, before:

---
title: Articles
date: 2024-07-03
updated: 2024-07-23
---

### LGBTQ+
* [I Am A Transwoman. I Am In The Closet. I Am Not Coming Out.](https://medium.com/@jencoates/i-am-a-transwoman-i-am-in-the-closet-i-am-not-coming-out-4c2dd1907e42) by Jennifer Coates
* [On “Male Socialization” and the “Trans Masc Versus Trans Fem” Discourse™](https://juliaserano.substack.com/p/on-male-socialization-and-the-trans) by Julia Serano

### Race
* [“BIPOC”, the Shared Oppression Myth, and the Black Natives It Erases](https://medium.com/@kihnindewa/bipoc-the-shared-oppression-myth-and-the-black-natives-it-erases-dd0cdcd93230) by Kihnindewa
 ([archive.today link](https://archive.is/20230625143617/https://medium.com/@kihnindewa/bipoc-the-shared-oppression-myth-and-the-black-natives-it-erases-dd0cdcd93230))

### Media Criticism
* [On Letting People Enjoy Things](https://medium.com/@EstherRosenfield/let-people-enjoy-things-12021d00285a) by Esther Rosenfield
* [In Defence of Critique: Let People Enjoy Not Enjoying Things](https://www.evilfemale.blog/p/in-defence-of-critique-let-people) by charlie squire

### Web
* [Nostalgia is Bullshit](https://wings.nu/nostalgia/) by Rin

### Uncategorised
* [Laziness Does Not Exist](https://medium.com/7fe325749a24/laziness-does-not-exist-3af27e312d01) by Devon Price
* [you’ve been traumatized into hating reading (and it makes you easier to oppress).](https://ismatu.substack.com/p/youve-been-traumatized-into-hating) by Ismatu Gwendolyn
* [The man who tricked Nazi Germany: lessons from the past on how to beat disinformation](https://www.theguardian.com/books/2024/mar/02/the-man-who-tricked-nazi-germany-lessons-from-the-past-on-how-to-beat-disinformation) by Peter Pomerantsev

Commit message:

Add article, "There Is No Moral Imperative to Be Miserable"

src/links/articles.md, after:

---
title: Articles
date: 2024-07-03
updated: 2024-08-12T12:13:00+0800
---

### LGBTQ+
* [I Am A Transwoman. I Am In The Closet. I Am Not Coming Out.](https://medium.com/@jencoates/i-am-a-transwoman-i-am-in-the-closet-i-am-not-coming-out-4c2dd1907e42) by Jennifer Coates
* [On “Male Socialization” and the “Trans Masc Versus Trans Fem” Discourse™](https://juliaserano.substack.com/p/on-male-socialization-and-the-trans) by Julia Serano

### Race
* [“BIPOC”, the Shared Oppression Myth, and the Black Natives It Erases](https://medium.com/@kihnindewa/bipoc-the-shared-oppression-myth-and-the-black-natives-it-erases-dd0cdcd93230) by Kihnindewa
 ([archive.today link](https://archive.is/20230625143617/https://medium.com/@kihnindewa/bipoc-the-shared-oppression-myth-and-the-black-natives-it-erases-dd0cdcd93230))

### Mental Health
* [There Is No Moral Imperative to Be Miserable](https://mentalhellth.xyz/p/there-is-no-moral-imperative-to-be) by James Greig

### Media Criticism
* [On Letting People Enjoy Things](https://medium.com/@EstherRosenfield/let-people-enjoy-things-12021d00285a) by Esther Rosenfield
* [In Defence of Critique: Let People Enjoy Not Enjoying Things](https://www.evilfemale.blog/p/in-defence-of-critique-let-people) by charlie squire

### Web
* [Nostalgia is Bullshit](https://wings.nu/nostalgia/) by Rin

### Uncategorised
* [Laziness Does Not Exist](https://medium.com/7fe325749a24/laziness-does-not-exist-3af27e312d01) by Devon Price
* [you’ve been traumatized into hating reading (and it makes you easier to oppress).](https://ismatu.substack.com/p/youve-been-traumatized-into-hating) by Ismatu Gwendolyn
* [The man who tricked Nazi Germany: lessons from the past on how to beat disinformation](https://www.theguardian.com/books/2024/mar/02/the-man-who-tricked-nazi-germany-lessons-from-the-past-on-how-to-beat-disinformation) by Peter Pomerantsev
