src/articles/myarticles/anti-harry-potter-jk-rowling-masterlist.md, before:

---
articleTitle: Anti-Harry Potter and Anti-J. K. Rowling Masterlist
date: 2023-03-19
updated: 2024-06-04
desc: My masterlist of criticisms of the Harry Potter series and J. K. Rowling.
categories: ["harry potter", "jk rowling"]
toc: true
---

{% imgFigure "/assets/banners/harry-potter-free-site.png", "An anime girl crossing arms with a sidelong look and a Harry Potter-free message" %}
This site is Harry Potter free. Lookin [<i>sic</i>] for it? Leave.
{% endimgFigure %}

(Credit to Tumblr user [comradesaucegay](https://comradesaucegay.tumblr.com/post/621403039459426304) for this Harry Potter-free website banner){.center-text}

Like many millennials, I grew up with the {% cite "Harry Potter" %} series and was a major fan of the series. I had read the original 7 books and watched their film adaptations. The series was a passion of mine during my early- to mid-teen years. While the Harry Potter novels were far from the first books I read, they were the first fantasy novels I read, and the series’ concept of a magical world set in a contemporary setting fascinated teenage me.

However, even during my {% cite "Harry Potter" %} fixation years, there were things from the series that bothered me, from the idea of house elves being a slave race that naturally love being slaves, to Snape’s unconvincing “redemption” arc. As I got older and became more aware of social issues, I started to notice more problems with the series. In addition, reading more books has also made me realise that even on a technical writing level, the Harry Potter series was mediocre at best. As a result, I had stopped becoming a Harry Potter fan even before J. K. Rowling’s transphobia got mainstream attention.

Unfortunately, many adults with nostalgia goggles still refuse to let go of {% cite "Harry Potter" %}, and they believe {% cite "Harry Potter" %} can be separated or “reclaimed” by J. K. Rowling, despite how much Rowling’s worldview and prejudice are inextricably linked to her writing.

Therefore, I am compiling this masterlist by curating various materials that are critical of the {% cite "Harry Potter" %} series and J. K. Rowling. Items are ordered in chronological order. This is far from a comprehensive list of all the pieces that criticise {% cite "Harry Potter" %} and Rowling; this list is my curated list of ones that I have read, watched or listened to, and I personally endorse.

## Articles

* [Harry Potter and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights](https://alinautrata.medium.com/all-the-things-that-are-fucked-up-about-harry-potter-58267e1bf3ee) by Alina Utrata (28 October 2016)
* [Addressing The Claims In JK Rowling’s Justification For Transphobia](https://katymontgomerie.medium.com/addressing-the-claims-in-jk-rowlings-justification-for-transphobia-7b6f761e8f8f) by Katy Montgomerie (16 June 2020)
* [The Antisemitism of ‘Harry Potter’ Returns in ‘Hogwarts Legacy’](https://www.themarysue.com/is-hogwarts-legacy-anti-semitic-hogwarts-legacy-anti-semitic-allegations-explained/) by Jack Doyle (8 February 2023)
* [Hogwarts Legacy wants to make everyone happy, but Harry Potter gets in the way](https://www.polygon.com/reviews/23603142/hogwarts-legacy-review-harry-potter-jk-rowling-transphobic-ps5-pc-xbox) by by Gita Jackson (17 February 2023)
* [Is J.K. Rowling transphobic? Let’s let her speak for herself.](https://www.vox.com/culture/23622610/jk-rowling-transphobic-statements-timeline-history-controversy) by Aja Romano (3 March 2023)

## Videos

* [Harry Potter is GARBAGE, and Here's Why](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPwWb9z3XSY) by satenmadpun (25 August 2020)
* [We need to talk about Dudley Dursley- Harry Potter and Fatphobia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AziZgoi3q0) by Ok2BeFat (30 May 2021)
* [Harry Potter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1iaJWSwUZs) by Shaun (4 March 2023)
* [JK Rowling's New Friends](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ou_xvXJJk7k) by Shaun (14 October 2022)
* [The Consumerist Dystopia of Harry Potter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBftW7FzOVI) by verilybitchie (21 January 2023)
* [Explaining JK Rowling’s Transphobia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GBUArD51KY) by Jessie Gender (27 January 2023)
* [Hogwarts Legacy and the Politics of Potter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1mHwn6eUUk) by Wisecrack (11 February 2023)
* [Hogwarts: A Legacy Of Hate (The Jimquisition)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNKyQVsgKLg) by James Stephanie Sterling (13 February 2023)
* [The ALLEGED Witch Trials of J.K. Rowling (What The Megan Phelps Podcast Won't Tell You)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ncYTEY7aVk) by Caelan Conrad (18 March 2023)
* [The Harry Potter Villains Were Trans?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xJF4XYarzI) by Brigitte Empire (3 April 2023)
* [Maybe The Wizard Game Just Wasn't Very Good (The Jimquisition)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pggtSI_95A) by James Stephanie Sterling (20 November 2023)
* [J.K. Rowling & Holocaust Denial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whJJGqVtkEk) by Caelan Conrad (16 March 2024)
* [Did J.K. Rowling STEAL Harry Potter (Rip-off? Plagiarism?!)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cmx_YSPcujE) by Caelan Conrad (3 June 2024)

## Podcasts

* [The Shrieking Shack](https://soundcloud.com/shriekingshack) — A book reading podcast hosted by Xeecee and Liz. Originally a Harry Potter reread podcast made by and for lapsed fans that goes through every chapter of the Harry Potter books and their film adaptations and analyses the writing and politics of the series and J. K. Rowling.

Commit message:

Add Matthew Graybosch's post to the anti-Harry Potter masterlist

src/articles/myarticles/anti-harry-potter-jk-rowling-masterlist.md, after:

---
articleTitle: Anti-Harry Potter and Anti-J. K. Rowling Masterlist
date: 2023-03-19
updated: 2024-06-19
desc: My masterlist of criticisms of the Harry Potter series and J. K. Rowling.
categories: ["harry potter", "jk rowling"]
toc: true
---

{% imgFigure "/assets/banners/harry-potter-free-site.png", "An anime girl crossing arms with a sidelong look and a Harry Potter-free message" %}
This site is Harry Potter free. Lookin [<i>sic</i>] for it? Leave.
{% endimgFigure %}

(Credit to Tumblr user [comradesaucegay](https://comradesaucegay.tumblr.com/post/621403039459426304) for this Harry Potter-free website banner){.center-text}

Like many millennials, I grew up with the {% cite "Harry Potter" %} series and was a major fan of the series. I had read the original 7 books and watched their film adaptations. The series was a passion of mine during my early- to mid-teen years. While the {% cite "Harry Potter" %} novels were far from the first books I read, they were the first fantasy novels I read, and the series’ concept of a magical world set in a contemporary setting fascinated teenage me.

However, even during my {% cite "Harry Potter" %} fixation years, there were things from the series that bothered me, from the idea of house elves being a slave race that naturally love being slaves, to Snape’s unconvincing “redemption” arc. As I got older and became more aware of social issues, I started to notice more problems with the series. In addition, reading more books has also made me realise that even on a technical writing level, the {% cite "Harry Potter" %} series was mediocre at best. As a result, I had stopped becoming a {% cite "Harry Potter" %} fan even before J. K. Rowling’s transphobia got mainstream attention.

Unfortunately, many adults with nostalgia goggles still refuse to let go of {% cite "Harry Potter" %}, and they believe {% cite "Harry Potter" %} can be separated or “reclaimed” by J. K. Rowling, despite how much Rowling’s worldview and prejudice are inextricably linked to her writing.

Therefore, I am compiling this masterlist by curating various materials that are critical of the {% cite "Harry Potter" %} series and J. K. Rowling. Items are ordered in chronological order. This is far from a comprehensive list of all the pieces that criticise {% cite "Harry Potter" %} and Rowling; this list is my curated list of ones that I have read, watched or listened to, and I personally endorse.

## Articles

* [Harry Potter and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights](https://alinautrata.medium.com/all-the-things-that-are-fucked-up-about-harry-potter-58267e1bf3ee) by Alina Utrata (28 October 2016)
* [Addressing The Claims In JK Rowling’s Justification For Transphobia](https://katymontgomerie.medium.com/addressing-the-claims-in-jk-rowlings-justification-for-transphobia-7b6f761e8f8f) by Katy Montgomerie (16 June 2020)
* [The Antisemitism of ‘Harry Potter’ Returns in ‘Hogwarts Legacy’](https://www.themarysue.com/is-hogwarts-legacy-anti-semitic-hogwarts-legacy-anti-semitic-allegations-explained/) by Jack Doyle (8 February 2023)
* [Hogwarts Legacy wants to make everyone happy, but Harry Potter gets in the way](https://www.polygon.com/reviews/23603142/hogwarts-legacy-review-harry-potter-jk-rowling-transphobic-ps5-pc-xbox) by by Gita Jackson (17 February 2023)
* [Is J.K. Rowling transphobic? Let’s let her speak for herself.](https://www.vox.com/culture/23622610/jk-rowling-transphobic-statements-timeline-history-controversy) by Aja Romano (3 March 2023)
* [Talking Shit About Harry Potter](https://starbreaker.org/blog/entertainment/talking-shit-about-harry-potter/index.html) by Matthew Graybosch (19 June 2024) — This post was prompted by this very masterlist and our email exchange about the topic.

## Videos

* [Harry Potter is GARBAGE, and Here's Why](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPwWb9z3XSY) by satenmadpun (25 August 2020)
* [We need to talk about Dudley Dursley- Harry Potter and Fatphobia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AziZgoi3q0) by Ok2BeFat (30 May 2021)
* [Harry Potter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1iaJWSwUZs) by Shaun (4 March 2023)
* [JK Rowling's New Friends](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ou_xvXJJk7k) by Shaun (14 October 2022)
* [The Consumerist Dystopia of Harry Potter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBftW7FzOVI) by verilybitchie (21 January 2023)
* [Explaining JK Rowling’s Transphobia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GBUArD51KY) by Jessie Gender (27 January 2023)
* [Hogwarts Legacy and the Politics of Potter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1mHwn6eUUk) by Wisecrack (11 February 2023)
* [Hogwarts: A Legacy Of Hate (The Jimquisition)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNKyQVsgKLg) by James Stephanie Sterling (13 February 2023)
* [The ALLEGED Witch Trials of J.K. Rowling (What The Megan Phelps Podcast Won't Tell You)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ncYTEY7aVk) by Caelan Conrad (18 March 2023)
* [The Harry Potter Villains Were Trans?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xJF4XYarzI) by Brigitte Empire (3 April 2023)
* [Maybe The Wizard Game Just Wasn't Very Good (The Jimquisition)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pggtSI_95A) by James Stephanie Sterling (20 November 2023)
* [J.K. Rowling & Holocaust Denial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whJJGqVtkEk) by Caelan Conrad (16 March 2024)
* [Did J.K. Rowling STEAL Harry Potter (Rip-off? Plagiarism?!)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cmx_YSPcujE) by Caelan Conrad (3 June 2024)

## Podcasts

* [The Shrieking Shack](https://soundcloud.com/shriekingshack) — A book reading podcast hosted by Xeecee and Liz. Originally a Harry Potter reread podcast made by and for lapsed fans that goes through every chapter of the Harry Potter books and their film adaptations and analyses the writing and politics of the series and J. K. Rowling.
