src/articles/myarticles/palestine-masterlist.md, before:

---
articleTitle: Palestine Masterlist
date: 2024-06-19T22:19:00+0800
updated: 2024-08-12T11:49:00+0800
desc: My masterlist of resources related to Palestine.
categories: ["palestine"]
---

![Stand with Palestine](/assets/buttons/misc/standwithpalestine.png)

(Credit to [rosemary](https://hillhouse.neocities.org/journal/notes/palestine) for the Stand with Palestine button)

From the river to the sea, Palestine will be free.

Here, I am compiling a list of resources related to Palestine. This list is not comprehensive by any means, but I still want to do my part in using my platform to support an important cause.

## Educate Yourself

* [Decolonize Palestine](https://decolonizepalestine.com/)
* Haymarket's [Free Ebooks for a Free Palestine](https://www.haymarketbooks.org/blogs/495-free-ebooks-for-a-free-palestine)
* [Palestine, Today: Explore how Palestine has been transformed since the Nakba](https://today.visualizingpalestine.org/)
* [Palestine Open Maps](https://palopenmaps.org/)
* [Palestine Remembered](https://www.palestineremembered.com/)

## Articles

* [What is the Ethical Way to Climb Out of Hell?](https://medium.com/@thegriefwitch/what-is-the-ethical-way-to-climb-out-of-hell-8ed51bdc327b) by The Grief Witch (17 October 2023)

## Donations and Charities

* [Daily click to help Palestine on arab.org](https://arab.org/click-to-help/palestine/)
* [Palestine Children's Relief Fund](https://www.pcrf.net/)
* [eSims for Gaza](https://gazaesims.com/)
* [Crips for eSims for Gaza](https://chuffed.org/project/crips-for-esims-for-gaza)
* [Gaza Funds](https://gazafunds.com)
* [Operation Olive Branch](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vtMLLOzuc6GpkFySyVtKQOY2j-Vvg0UsChMCFst_WLA/htmlview)
* [Operation Poppy Flower](https://www.operationpoppyflower.com/)
* [Strawberry Seed Collective](https://linktr.ee/strawberryseedcollective)
* [Project Watermelon](https://linktr.ee/projectwatermelon)
* [Bees And Watermelons](https://linktr.ee/beesandwatermelons)
* [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi's Vetted Gaza Evacuation Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
* [Ottawa4Palestine](https://linktr.ee/ottawa4palestine)'s [Gaza Evacuation Relief Fund](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FC1fK-3r-w3wPi2AdYho5_0j148QC6wkFIMdJA5kX4c/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
* [GoFund(water)Me(lons)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1o_kH9RnGmKOXmEcMUBTWcMhgdTKIequ__xiPym7RGtE/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
* [Helping the People of Gaza - Mutual Aid Fund](https://www.gofundme.com/f/helping-the-people-of-gaza-mutual-aid-fund)
* [Care for Gaza](https://x.com/careforgaza)
* [Direct Aid for Gaza](https://x.com/GazaDirectAid)
* [Life For Gaza](https://gaza-city.ensany.com/campaign/6737?lang=en)
* [Taawon](https://www.taawon.org/en/content/gaza-needs-us-now)
* [World Food Programme (WFP)](https://www.wfp.org/emergencies/palestine-emergency)
* [Medical Aid for Palestinians](https://www.map.org.uk/)
* [Help Dr. Ibrahem to treat the pateints homeless people](https://www.gofundme.com/f/urgent-help-dribrahem-to-treat-the-pateints-homeless-people)
* [Support for Tents in Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/support-for-marginalized-refugees-in-jordan)
* [Gaza Municipality's water project](https://gaza-city.ensany.com/campaign/6737?lang=EN)

## Boycotts

* [BDS Movement](https://bdsmovement.net/)
* [No Tech For Apartheid](https://www.notechforapartheid.com/)
* Attention to website owners: [Boycott Wix](https://boycottwix.org/) — The BDS movement has [listed Wix as an organic boycott target](https://bdsmovement.net/Act-Now-Against-These-Companies-Profiting-From-Genocide), meaning the BDS movement did not initiate this grassroots boycott campaign, but supports it due to the boycotted brand's complicity in Israel's genocide and apartheid against Palestinians.

## Spotlight Crowdfunding Campaigns

There are Palestinians who have reached out to me on Tumblr to ask for help with sharing their fundraising campaigns, so I am using my platform to share them. These campaigns have been verified by other Palestinians and trusted sources (including ones who are on Tumblr), so I encourage you to help to donate and share at the best of your abilities.

* [Help...Save a Pregnant Mother's Life and Support Her Family](https://www.gofundme.com/f/ne9gzx-help-them-to-survive) (verified by [nabulsi](https://www.tumblr.com/nabulsi/751944563232587777) and shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/752304563682476032))
* [Help Sahar and Her Family to Evacuate Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-sahar-and-her-family-to-evacuate-gaza) (verified by [el-shab-hussein](https://www.tumblr.com/el-shab-hussein/749777880017502208/another-fundraiser-i-trust))
* [Help Us Escape Gaza: A Mother's Plea for Safety](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-us-escape-gaza-a-mothers-plea-for-safety) (#182 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A186))
* [From War to Education: Abdelrahman Resilient Journey](https://www.gofundme.com/f/from-war-to-education-abdelrahmans-resilient-journey) (verified by [nabulsi](https://www.tumblr.com/nabulsi/753544070688915456) and shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/753258782216404992))
* [Please Help Tahani save her children and husband](https://www.gofundme.com/f/i-have-nothing-left-my-home-and-workplace-have-be) (verified by [el-shab-hussein](https://www.tumblr.com/el-shab-hussein/748756401076207616/list-of-fundraisers-for-direct-contacts-from))
* [Please help Shamaly family SURVIVE Gaza & start a new life!](https://www.gofundme.com/f/please-help-shamaly-family-start-a-new-life) (verified by [nabulsi](https://www.tumblr.com/nabulsi/753715707609530368))
* [Help us reunite with our kids who are stuck in Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/reunite-us-with-our-beloved-4-kids-stuck-in-gaza) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/754096091530723328/donate-to-help-us-reunite-with-our-kids-who-are))
* [Urgent ! Save kids life .](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-alaa-family-to-survive-the-war-in-gaza) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/751443466082484224))
* [Trapped Family in Gaza Appeals for Help to Survive](https://www.gofundme.com/f/wyuehr-trapped-family-in-gaza-appeals-for-help-to-survive) (#174 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A178); also shared by [fairuzfan](https://www.tumblr.com/fairuzfan/752928036559749120) and [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/752026987709825024))
* [Help Ahmed family to travel to a save place](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-ahmed-family-to-travel) (veridied by [nabulsi](https://www.tumblr.com/nabulsi/752576616277868544/hello-how-are-you-my-name-is-ahmed-im-from))
* [Help my family escape Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/byt93-help-my-family-escape-gaza) (#231 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A235))
* [Hope for Gaza: Support Ashraf's Family Rebuild Their Lives](https://www.gofundme.com/f/hope-for-gaza-support-ashrafs-family-rebuild-their-lives) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/754535164856664064/legit-fundraiser))
* [Help Zaen and Yehya to get out of Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-sara-and-her-family-to-evacuate-gaza) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/754093176508268544))
* [A Father's Plea: Help Save My Family](https://www.gofundme.com/f/btuqqt-save-my-familys-life) (verified by [el-shab-hussein](https://www.tumblr.com/el-shab-hussein/754087744556449792/vetted-family-fundraiser-masterpost-3))
* [Help Moamen Majed rebuild his life after the war](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-moamen-majed-rebuild-his-life-after-the-war) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/755355718664830976/moamenmajed-gaza-are-they-a-vetted-fundraiser))
* [Save Gaza: A Brighter Future for Aya and Her Family](https://www.gofundme.com/f/save-gaza-a-brighter-future-for-aya-and-her-family) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/754992024939347968))
* [EMERGENCY: help my relatives evacuate to safety](https://www.gofundme.com/f/emergency-help-my-relatives-evacuate-to-safety) (#137 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A141); also shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756556584649424896))
* [Help Palestine and Family Survive the Gaza Crisis](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-palestine-and-family-survive-the-gaza-crisis) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756556732829974528))
* [Support Safaa's Quest To Get Her Family To Safety](https://www.gofundme.com/f/support-safaas-quest-to-get-her-family-to-safety) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756556669674274816))
* [Help Doaa Rebuild Her Sewing Business](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-doaa-rebuild-her-sewing-business) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756556522290626560))
* [Help the Munna Tashmali Family Rebuild Their Home and Future](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-the-munna-tashmali-family-rebuild-their-home-and-future) (verified by [nabulsi](https://www.tumblr.com/nabulsi/754393532315353089/donate-to-help-the-munna-tashmali-family-rebuild))
* [Help Gaza Family Evacuate to Safety](https://www.gofundme.com/f/helping-gaza-family-to-get-out) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756899215473606656))
* [Help us for the sake of God](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-us-for-the-sake-of-god) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/755446251161632768/faites-un-don-%C3%A0-help-us-for-the-sake-of-god))
* [we need help](https://www.gofundme.com/f/bfth82-we-need-help) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756901702912868352))
* [Help little children of Gaza stay safe and alive!](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-our-families-evacuate-gaza-before-too-late) (verified by [nabulsi](https://www.tumblr.com/nabulsi/751214090403430400/donate-to-help-little-children-stay-safe-and))
* [Support Fatima's Family in Gaza After Heartbreaking Tragedy](https://www.gofundme.com/f/support-fatimas-family-in-gaza-after-heartbreaking-tragedy) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756556061504307200))
* [Get my relatives out of Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/3b6yr-get-my-relatives-out-of-gaza) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/757079385198215168/legit-fundraiser))
* [Help Shaima's family reunite in Egypt](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-shymaas-family-reunite-in-egypt) (#141 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A145))
* [Help Yousef&Family Escape From War&Secure Treatment for son](https://www.gofundme.com/f/aid-for-youssefs-family-and-majds-treatment) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/755122452856700928) and listed as #406 in [The ButterflyEffect Project's Verified Campaigns](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vTKQYInYewFiGUX4afdHK-rANJDT4dgOC4IV6elKYNvYI2HvOTf_6IsTqt5m2KXcr_pGxcqR8AvsAJi/pubhtml?urp=gmail_link&gxid=-8203366#))
* [Save Ibrahim and his children](https://www.gofundme.com/f/save-ibrahim-and-his-children) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/757288769795850240/legit-fundraiser))
* [Help Shahd in Gaza!](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-shahd-in-gaza) (#224 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A228))
* [Save Dr. Farhat's family from genocide in Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/saving-dr-farhats-family-towards-hope) (#248 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A252))
* [Assist in evacuating my family from the war in Gaza.](https://www.gofundme.com/f/Help-Mohammed-alhabil-Family) (#166 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A170))
* [Emergency: Help Evacuate My Family From GAZA WAR](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-save-the-lives-of-my-family-in-gaza) (#26 in [Operation Olive Branch spreadsheet's masterlist tab](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vtMLLOzuc6GpkFySyVtKQOY2j-Vvg0UsChMCFst_WLA/edit?gid=1061843896#gid=1061843896&fvid=647479800); also listed in [Project Watermelon Donation Links spreadsheet's Donate to Families in Gaza tab](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16XhzsCbsRV-cMAzRA8gTNxaYt_FAbf6nq3ZNGP4Q9U8/edit?gid=1452518893#gid=1452518893), under the family name Haya Nahed Alshawish)
* [Urgent Help Needed to Evacuate My Family from Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/e6vc7g-urgent-help-needed-to-evacuate-my-family-from-gaza) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756556255005491200))
* [Help Nour and his family escape from the war in Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/donate-to-help-nour-and-his-family-escape-the-war-in-gaza) (verified by [roadimusprime](https://www.tumblr.com/roadimusprime/757885015014227968/and-at-the-time-that-i-am-writing-this-our) who helped setting up this fundraiser)
* [Help Musab and his family,my pets survive this war in Gaza.](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-musab-and-his-family-survive-this-war-in-gaza-they-nee) (Musab's story was shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/755436620006686720), but this new fundraiser [needed to be created for Musab due to a scam](https://www.tumblr.com/musababed/757808283298004993))
* [Hope and Safety for Amal and Her Children in Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/hope-and-safety-for-amal-and-her-children-in-gaza) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/755297146774978560))
* [Please Save What's Left of My Family](https://www.gofundme.com/f/donate-to-restore-the-lives-of-the-balousha-family) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/757288369570152448/legit-fundraiser))
* [Save Mohamed and his elderly parents from genocide](https://www.gofundme.com/f/save-mohamed-and-his-elderly-parents-from-genocide?attribution_id=sl:7b8ea3b1-7192-4e6d-ac64-285c74c9c372) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/755378263140024320/legit-fundraiser))
* [Support Gaza Family's Journey to Recovery](https://www.gofundme.com/f/fzgga8-support-gaza-familys-journey-to-recovery) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/757170837598126080))
* [Help us build new hope for me and my family](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-us-build-new-hope-for-me-and-my-family) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/754544734691786752) and [northgazaupdates](https://www.tumblr.com/northgazaupdates/754969078935044096))
* [Helping the Helles family achieve a better future](https://www.gofundme.com/f/helping-the-helles-family-achieve-a-better-future) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/757170722766454784/legit-fundraiser))
* [Help save my family to survive the genocide in Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/Stand-With-AlBalawi-Family) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/754486025365209088/legit-fundraiser))
* [Helping my family rebuild our home](https://www.gofundme.com/f/dr66mz-helping-my-family-rebuild-our-home) (#198 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A202))
* [Help Mohamed's children escape from the Gaza war to Safety](https://www.gofundme.com/f/please-help-this-family-get-out-of-the-gaza-war) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/755749578786127872))
* [Death chases my family in Gaza; help me save them](https://www.gofundme.com/f/death-chases-my-family-in-gaza-help-me-save-them) (#151 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A155))
* [Help My Family Evacuate to Safety](https://www.gofundme.com/f/gtuw5-help-my-family-evacuate-to-safety) (vwrified by [ana-bananya](https://www.tumblr.com/ana-bananya/758288014582726656/sameer-is-a-friend-of-mohiy-gaza-mohiy-shared))
* [Help Youssef Provide Medicine and Shelter](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-youssef-provide-medicine-and-shelter) (#255 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A259); row 132 in [Bees and Watermelons](https://linktr.ee/beesandwatermelons)' [priority campaigns spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1J-1KNHXmvY098fuCDWiOIm1fcphAgkXA8nnWqOSXouw/edit?gid=283092143#gid=283092143&range=B132))

Commit message:

Add article, "What Does It Mean to Be Palestinian Now?"

src/articles/myarticles/palestine-masterlist.md, after:

---
articleTitle: Palestine Masterlist
date: 2024-06-19T22:19:00+0800
updated: 2024-08-12T12:36:00+0800
desc: My masterlist of resources related to Palestine.
categories: ["palestine"]
---

![Stand with Palestine](/assets/buttons/misc/standwithpalestine.png)

(Credit to [rosemary](https://hillhouse.neocities.org/journal/notes/palestine) for the Stand with Palestine button)

From the river to the sea, Palestine will be free.

Here, I am compiling a list of resources related to Palestine. This list is not comprehensive by any means, but I still want to do my part in using my platform to support an important cause.

## Educate Yourself

* [Decolonize Palestine](https://decolonizepalestine.com/)
* Haymarket's [Free Ebooks for a Free Palestine](https://www.haymarketbooks.org/blogs/495-free-ebooks-for-a-free-palestine)
* [Palestine, Today: Explore how Palestine has been transformed since the Nakba](https://today.visualizingpalestine.org/)
* [Palestine Open Maps](https://palopenmaps.org/)
* [Palestine Remembered](https://www.palestineremembered.com/)

## Articles

* [What is the Ethical Way to Climb Out of Hell?](https://medium.com/@thegriefwitch/what-is-the-ethical-way-to-climb-out-of-hell-8ed51bdc327b) by The Grief Witch (17 October 2023)
* [What Does It Mean to Be Palestinian Now?](https://www.thenation.com/article/world/what-does-it-mean-to-be-palestinian-now/) by The Nation (25 January 2024)

## Donations and Charities

* [Daily click to help Palestine on arab.org](https://arab.org/click-to-help/palestine/)
* [Palestine Children's Relief Fund](https://www.pcrf.net/)
* [eSims for Gaza](https://gazaesims.com/)
* [Crips for eSims for Gaza](https://chuffed.org/project/crips-for-esims-for-gaza)
* [Gaza Funds](https://gazafunds.com)
* [Operation Olive Branch](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vtMLLOzuc6GpkFySyVtKQOY2j-Vvg0UsChMCFst_WLA/htmlview)
* [Operation Poppy Flower](https://www.operationpoppyflower.com/)
* [Strawberry Seed Collective](https://linktr.ee/strawberryseedcollective)
* [Project Watermelon](https://linktr.ee/projectwatermelon)
* [Bees And Watermelons](https://linktr.ee/beesandwatermelons)
* [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi's Vetted Gaza Evacuation Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
* [Ottawa4Palestine](https://linktr.ee/ottawa4palestine)'s [Gaza Evacuation Relief Fund](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FC1fK-3r-w3wPi2AdYho5_0j148QC6wkFIMdJA5kX4c/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
* [GoFund(water)Me(lons)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1o_kH9RnGmKOXmEcMUBTWcMhgdTKIequ__xiPym7RGtE/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
* [Helping the People of Gaza - Mutual Aid Fund](https://www.gofundme.com/f/helping-the-people-of-gaza-mutual-aid-fund)
* [Care for Gaza](https://x.com/careforgaza)
* [Direct Aid for Gaza](https://x.com/GazaDirectAid)
* [Life For Gaza](https://gaza-city.ensany.com/campaign/6737?lang=en)
* [Taawon](https://www.taawon.org/en/content/gaza-needs-us-now)
* [World Food Programme (WFP)](https://www.wfp.org/emergencies/palestine-emergency)
* [Medical Aid for Palestinians](https://www.map.org.uk/)
* [Help Dr. Ibrahem to treat the pateints homeless people](https://www.gofundme.com/f/urgent-help-dribrahem-to-treat-the-pateints-homeless-people)
* [Support for Tents in Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/support-for-marginalized-refugees-in-jordan)
* [Gaza Municipality's water project](https://gaza-city.ensany.com/campaign/6737?lang=EN)

## Boycotts

* [BDS Movement](https://bdsmovement.net/)
* [No Tech For Apartheid](https://www.notechforapartheid.com/)
* Attention to website owners: [Boycott Wix](https://boycottwix.org/) — The BDS movement has [listed Wix as an organic boycott target](https://bdsmovement.net/Act-Now-Against-These-Companies-Profiting-From-Genocide), meaning the BDS movement did not initiate this grassroots boycott campaign, but supports it due to the boycotted brand's complicity in Israel's genocide and apartheid against Palestinians.

## Spotlight Crowdfunding Campaigns

There are Palestinians who have reached out to me on Tumblr to ask for help with sharing their fundraising campaigns, so I am using my platform to share them. These campaigns have been verified by other Palestinians and trusted sources (including ones who are on Tumblr), so I encourage you to help to donate and share at the best of your abilities.

* [Help...Save a Pregnant Mother's Life and Support Her Family](https://www.gofundme.com/f/ne9gzx-help-them-to-survive) (verified by [nabulsi](https://www.tumblr.com/nabulsi/751944563232587777) and shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/752304563682476032))
* [Help Sahar and Her Family to Evacuate Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-sahar-and-her-family-to-evacuate-gaza) (verified by [el-shab-hussein](https://www.tumblr.com/el-shab-hussein/749777880017502208/another-fundraiser-i-trust))
* [Help Us Escape Gaza: A Mother's Plea for Safety](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-us-escape-gaza-a-mothers-plea-for-safety) (#182 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A186))
* [From War to Education: Abdelrahman Resilient Journey](https://www.gofundme.com/f/from-war-to-education-abdelrahmans-resilient-journey) (verified by [nabulsi](https://www.tumblr.com/nabulsi/753544070688915456) and shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/753258782216404992))
* [Please Help Tahani save her children and husband](https://www.gofundme.com/f/i-have-nothing-left-my-home-and-workplace-have-be) (verified by [el-shab-hussein](https://www.tumblr.com/el-shab-hussein/748756401076207616/list-of-fundraisers-for-direct-contacts-from))
* [Please help Shamaly family SURVIVE Gaza & start a new life!](https://www.gofundme.com/f/please-help-shamaly-family-start-a-new-life) (verified by [nabulsi](https://www.tumblr.com/nabulsi/753715707609530368))
* [Help us reunite with our kids who are stuck in Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/reunite-us-with-our-beloved-4-kids-stuck-in-gaza) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/754096091530723328/donate-to-help-us-reunite-with-our-kids-who-are))
* [Urgent ! Save kids life .](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-alaa-family-to-survive-the-war-in-gaza) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/751443466082484224))
* [Trapped Family in Gaza Appeals for Help to Survive](https://www.gofundme.com/f/wyuehr-trapped-family-in-gaza-appeals-for-help-to-survive) (#174 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A178); also shared by [fairuzfan](https://www.tumblr.com/fairuzfan/752928036559749120) and [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/752026987709825024))
* [Help Ahmed family to travel to a save place](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-ahmed-family-to-travel) (veridied by [nabulsi](https://www.tumblr.com/nabulsi/752576616277868544/hello-how-are-you-my-name-is-ahmed-im-from))
* [Help my family escape Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/byt93-help-my-family-escape-gaza) (#231 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A235))
* [Hope for Gaza: Support Ashraf's Family Rebuild Their Lives](https://www.gofundme.com/f/hope-for-gaza-support-ashrafs-family-rebuild-their-lives) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/754535164856664064/legit-fundraiser))
* [Help Zaen and Yehya to get out of Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-sara-and-her-family-to-evacuate-gaza) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/754093176508268544))
* [A Father's Plea: Help Save My Family](https://www.gofundme.com/f/btuqqt-save-my-familys-life) (verified by [el-shab-hussein](https://www.tumblr.com/el-shab-hussein/754087744556449792/vetted-family-fundraiser-masterpost-3))
* [Help Moamen Majed rebuild his life after the war](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-moamen-majed-rebuild-his-life-after-the-war) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/755355718664830976/moamenmajed-gaza-are-they-a-vetted-fundraiser))
* [Save Gaza: A Brighter Future for Aya and Her Family](https://www.gofundme.com/f/save-gaza-a-brighter-future-for-aya-and-her-family) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/754992024939347968))
* [EMERGENCY: help my relatives evacuate to safety](https://www.gofundme.com/f/emergency-help-my-relatives-evacuate-to-safety) (#137 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A141); also shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756556584649424896))
* [Help Palestine and Family Survive the Gaza Crisis](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-palestine-and-family-survive-the-gaza-crisis) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756556732829974528))
* [Support Safaa's Quest To Get Her Family To Safety](https://www.gofundme.com/f/support-safaas-quest-to-get-her-family-to-safety) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756556669674274816))
* [Help Doaa Rebuild Her Sewing Business](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-doaa-rebuild-her-sewing-business) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756556522290626560))
* [Help the Munna Tashmali Family Rebuild Their Home and Future](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-the-munna-tashmali-family-rebuild-their-home-and-future) (verified by [nabulsi](https://www.tumblr.com/nabulsi/754393532315353089/donate-to-help-the-munna-tashmali-family-rebuild))
* [Help Gaza Family Evacuate to Safety](https://www.gofundme.com/f/helping-gaza-family-to-get-out) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756899215473606656))
* [Help us for the sake of God](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-us-for-the-sake-of-god) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/755446251161632768/faites-un-don-%C3%A0-help-us-for-the-sake-of-god))
* [we need help](https://www.gofundme.com/f/bfth82-we-need-help) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756901702912868352))
* [Help little children of Gaza stay safe and alive!](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-our-families-evacuate-gaza-before-too-late) (verified by [nabulsi](https://www.tumblr.com/nabulsi/751214090403430400/donate-to-help-little-children-stay-safe-and))
* [Support Fatima's Family in Gaza After Heartbreaking Tragedy](https://www.gofundme.com/f/support-fatimas-family-in-gaza-after-heartbreaking-tragedy) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756556061504307200))
* [Get my relatives out of Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/3b6yr-get-my-relatives-out-of-gaza) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/757079385198215168/legit-fundraiser))
* [Help Shaima's family reunite in Egypt](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-shymaas-family-reunite-in-egypt) (#141 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A145))
* [Help Yousef&Family Escape From War&Secure Treatment for son](https://www.gofundme.com/f/aid-for-youssefs-family-and-majds-treatment) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/755122452856700928) and listed as #406 in [The ButterflyEffect Project's Verified Campaigns](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vTKQYInYewFiGUX4afdHK-rANJDT4dgOC4IV6elKYNvYI2HvOTf_6IsTqt5m2KXcr_pGxcqR8AvsAJi/pubhtml?urp=gmail_link&gxid=-8203366#))
* [Save Ibrahim and his children](https://www.gofundme.com/f/save-ibrahim-and-his-children) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/757288769795850240/legit-fundraiser))
* [Help Shahd in Gaza!](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-shahd-in-gaza) (#224 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A228))
* [Save Dr. Farhat's family from genocide in Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/saving-dr-farhats-family-towards-hope) (#248 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A252))
* [Assist in evacuating my family from the war in Gaza.](https://www.gofundme.com/f/Help-Mohammed-alhabil-Family) (#166 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A170))
* [Emergency: Help Evacuate My Family From GAZA WAR](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-save-the-lives-of-my-family-in-gaza) (#26 in [Operation Olive Branch spreadsheet's masterlist tab](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vtMLLOzuc6GpkFySyVtKQOY2j-Vvg0UsChMCFst_WLA/edit?gid=1061843896#gid=1061843896&fvid=647479800); also listed in [Project Watermelon Donation Links spreadsheet's Donate to Families in Gaza tab](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16XhzsCbsRV-cMAzRA8gTNxaYt_FAbf6nq3ZNGP4Q9U8/edit?gid=1452518893#gid=1452518893), under the family name Haya Nahed Alshawish)
* [Urgent Help Needed to Evacuate My Family from Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/e6vc7g-urgent-help-needed-to-evacuate-my-family-from-gaza) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/756556255005491200))
* [Help Nour and his family escape from the war in Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/donate-to-help-nour-and-his-family-escape-the-war-in-gaza) (verified by [roadimusprime](https://www.tumblr.com/roadimusprime/757885015014227968/and-at-the-time-that-i-am-writing-this-our) who helped setting up this fundraiser)
* [Help Musab and his family,my pets survive this war in Gaza.](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-musab-and-his-family-survive-this-war-in-gaza-they-nee) (Musab's story was shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/755436620006686720), but this new fundraiser [needed to be created for Musab due to a scam](https://www.tumblr.com/musababed/757808283298004993))
* [Hope and Safety for Amal and Her Children in Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/hope-and-safety-for-amal-and-her-children-in-gaza) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/755297146774978560))
* [Please Save What's Left of My Family](https://www.gofundme.com/f/donate-to-restore-the-lives-of-the-balousha-family) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/757288369570152448/legit-fundraiser))
* [Save Mohamed and his elderly parents from genocide](https://www.gofundme.com/f/save-mohamed-and-his-elderly-parents-from-genocide?attribution_id=sl:7b8ea3b1-7192-4e6d-ac64-285c74c9c372) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/755378263140024320/legit-fundraiser))
* [Support Gaza Family's Journey to Recovery](https://www.gofundme.com/f/fzgga8-support-gaza-familys-journey-to-recovery) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/757170837598126080))
* [Help us build new hope for me and my family](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-us-build-new-hope-for-me-and-my-family) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/754544734691786752) and [northgazaupdates](https://www.tumblr.com/northgazaupdates/754969078935044096))
* [Helping the Helles family achieve a better future](https://www.gofundme.com/f/helping-the-helles-family-achieve-a-better-future) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/757170722766454784/legit-fundraiser))
* [Help save my family to survive the genocide in Gaza](https://www.gofundme.com/f/Stand-With-AlBalawi-Family) (verified by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/754486025365209088/legit-fundraiser))
* [Helping my family rebuild our home](https://www.gofundme.com/f/dr66mz-helping-my-family-rebuild-our-home) (#198 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A202))
* [Help Mohamed's children escape from the Gaza war to Safety](https://www.gofundme.com/f/please-help-this-family-get-out-of-the-gaza-war) (shared by [90-ghost](https://www.tumblr.com/90-ghost/755749578786127872))
* [Death chases my family in Gaza; help me save them](https://www.gofundme.com/f/death-chases-my-family-in-gaza-help-me-save-them) (#151 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A155))
* [Help My Family Evacuate to Safety](https://www.gofundme.com/f/gtuw5-help-my-family-evacuate-to-safety) (vwrified by [ana-bananya](https://www.tumblr.com/ana-bananya/758288014582726656/sameer-is-a-friend-of-mohiy-gaza-mohiy-shared))
* [Help Youssef Provide Medicine and Shelter](https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-youssef-provide-medicine-and-shelter) (#255 in [el-shab-hussein and nabulsi’s Vetted Gaza Fundraiser List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYkNp5U3ANwILl2MknJi9G7ArY4uVTEEQ1CVfzR8Ioo/edit?gid=0#gid=0&range=A259); row 132 in [Bees and Watermelons](https://linktr.ee/beesandwatermelons)' [priority campaigns spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1J-1KNHXmvY098fuCDWiOIm1fcphAgkXA8nnWqOSXouw/edit?gid=283092143#gid=283092143&range=B132))
