src/projects/snippets/disability-pride-background.md, before:

---
title: Responsive Disability Pride Flag CSS Background
desc: CSS code snippet of Disability Pride Flag background.
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 5
---

There have been CSS code snippets of LGBTQ+ pride flag backgrounds out there, but I could not find one for the [Disability Pride Flag](https://www.womansday.com/life/a43964487/disability-pride-flag/), which was created by [Ann Magill](https://capri0mni.dreamwidth.org/837596.html) and released in 2021.

Therefore, at the start of [Disability Pride Month](https://www.weareincludability.co.uk/resources/what-is-disability-pride-month) in July 2024, I decided to code a Disability Pride Flag background in CSS, and now I am releasing my code snippet for public use.

My Disability Pride Flag CSS background is done with a combination of CSS background properties and inline SVG URL, and designed to be responsive, so it can adapt to different screen sizes and devices.

I have used JavaScript to set up the header of the main part of this website, so it will display the Disability Pride Flag as its background during July.

To code the Disability Pride Flag in CSS and make it responsive, I first downloaded an [SVG file of the Disability Pride Flag](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Visually_Safe_Disability_Pride_Flag.svg) from Wikimedia Commons, then modified the stripes in Adobe Illustrator CS5 (the only version of Adobe Illustrator I actually own) to allow the entire stripes to be shown in wide backgrounds, instead of appearing to be cut off mid-way. After finishing the edit in Illustrator, I saved the SVG file, opened it in Visual Studio Code to obtain the SVG code, used Jake Archibald's [SVGOMG](https://jakearchibald.github.io/svgomg/) to optimise the SVG code, then encode it into CSS-ready code by using [Yoksel's URL-encoder for SVG](https://yoksel.github.io/url-encoder/).

Since Ann Magill released the Disability Pride Flag to the public domain under [CC0 1.0 Universal](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/), I am doing the same to my responsive Disability Pride Flag CSS background. Therefore, you are free to use my code and do what you want with it without asking for permission or crediting me.

## Demo
{%- css %}
.disability-pride-flag {
    background-image: url("data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' xml:space='preserve' width='651.83' height='300' viewBox='-90.33 0 651.83 300'%3E%3Cpath fill='%233BB07D' stroke='%233BB07D' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M561.5 300 162.902.664h-50.634L510.867 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%237BC2E0' stroke='%237BC2E0' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M510.711 300 112.113.664H61.478L460.078 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%23E8E8E8' stroke='%23E8E8E8' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M460.077 300 61.478.664H8.094L406.693 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%23EEDE77' stroke='%23EEDE77' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M406.692 300 8.095.664h-49.111L357.584 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%23CF7280' stroke='%23CF7280' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M357.378 300-41.22.664h-49.11L308.27 300z'/%3E%3C/svg%3E");
    background-color: #595959;
    background-repeat: no-repeat;
    background-size: auto 100%;
    background-position: center;
}

.disability-pride-flag.demo {
    width: 100%;
    height: 20rem;
}
{% endcss %}

<div class="disability-pride-flag demo" role="img" aria-label="Demo of the Disability Pride flag coded in CSS"></div>

## Code

CSS:

```css
.disability-pride-flag {
    background-image: url("data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' xml:space='preserve' width='651.83' height='300' viewBox='-90.33 0 651.83 300'%3E%3Cpath fill='%233BB07D' stroke='%233BB07D' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M561.5 300 162.902.664h-50.634L510.867 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%237BC2E0' stroke='%237BC2E0' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M510.711 300 112.113.664H61.478L460.078 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%23E8E8E8' stroke='%23E8E8E8' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M460.077 300 61.478.664H8.094L406.693 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%23EEDE77' stroke='%23EEDE77' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M406.692 300 8.095.664h-49.111L357.584 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%23CF7280' stroke='%23CF7280' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M357.378 300-41.22.664h-49.11L308.27 300z'/%3E%3C/svg%3E");
    background-color: #595959;
    background-repeat: no-repeat;
    background-size: auto 100%;
    background-position: center;
}
```

After copying the above snippet in a CSS stylesheet or the HTML `<style>` tags, to apply the background to an HTML element, simply add the CSS class name `disability-pride-flag` (you can rename the class name if you want) to the HTML element's `class` attribute.

Commit message:

Add description about being adaptive to different widths

src/projects/snippets/disability-pride-background.md, after:

---
title: Responsive Disability Pride Flag CSS Background
desc: CSS code snippet of Disability Pride Flag background that can adapt to different widths and screen sizes.
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 5
---

There have been CSS code snippets of LGBTQ+ pride flag backgrounds out there, but I could not find one for the [Disability Pride Flag](https://www.womansday.com/life/a43964487/disability-pride-flag/), which was created by [Ann Magill](https://capri0mni.dreamwidth.org/837596.html) and released in 2021.

Therefore, at the start of [Disability Pride Month](https://www.weareincludability.co.uk/resources/what-is-disability-pride-month) in July 2024, I decided to code a Disability Pride Flag background in CSS, and now I am releasing my code snippet for public use.

My Disability Pride Flag CSS background is done with a combination of CSS background properties and inline SVG URL, and designed to be responsive, so it can adapt to different screen sizes and devices.

I have used JavaScript to set up the header of the main part of this website, so it will display the Disability Pride Flag as its background during July.

To code the Disability Pride Flag in CSS and make it responsive, I first downloaded an [SVG file of the Disability Pride Flag](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Visually_Safe_Disability_Pride_Flag.svg) from Wikimedia Commons, then modified the stripes in Adobe Illustrator CS5 (the only version of Adobe Illustrator I actually own) to allow the entire stripes to be shown in wide backgrounds, instead of appearing to be cut off mid-way. After finishing the edit in Illustrator, I saved the SVG file, opened it in Visual Studio Code to obtain the SVG code, used Jake Archibald's [SVGOMG](https://jakearchibald.github.io/svgomg/) to optimise the SVG code, then encode it into CSS-ready code by using [Yoksel's URL-encoder for SVG](https://yoksel.github.io/url-encoder/).

Since Ann Magill released the Disability Pride Flag to the public domain under [CC0 1.0 Universal](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/), I am doing the same to my responsive Disability Pride Flag CSS background. Therefore, you are free to use my code and do what you want with it without asking for permission or crediting me.

## Demo
{%- css %}
.disability-pride-flag {
    background-image: url("data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' xml:space='preserve' width='651.83' height='300' viewBox='-90.33 0 651.83 300'%3E%3Cpath fill='%233BB07D' stroke='%233BB07D' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M561.5 300 162.902.664h-50.634L510.867 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%237BC2E0' stroke='%237BC2E0' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M510.711 300 112.113.664H61.478L460.078 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%23E8E8E8' stroke='%23E8E8E8' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M460.077 300 61.478.664H8.094L406.693 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%23EEDE77' stroke='%23EEDE77' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M406.692 300 8.095.664h-49.111L357.584 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%23CF7280' stroke='%23CF7280' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M357.378 300-41.22.664h-49.11L308.27 300z'/%3E%3C/svg%3E");
    background-color: #595959;
    background-repeat: no-repeat;
    background-size: auto 100%;
    background-position: center;
}

.disability-pride-flag.demo {
    width: 100%;
    height: 20rem;
}
{% endcss %}

<div class="disability-pride-flag demo" role="img" aria-label="Demo of the Disability Pride flag coded in CSS"></div>

## Code

CSS:

```css
.disability-pride-flag {
    background-image: url("data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' xml:space='preserve' width='651.83' height='300' viewBox='-90.33 0 651.83 300'%3E%3Cpath fill='%233BB07D' stroke='%233BB07D' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M561.5 300 162.902.664h-50.634L510.867 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%237BC2E0' stroke='%237BC2E0' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M510.711 300 112.113.664H61.478L460.078 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%23E8E8E8' stroke='%23E8E8E8' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M460.077 300 61.478.664H8.094L406.693 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%23EEDE77' stroke='%23EEDE77' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M406.692 300 8.095.664h-49.111L357.584 300z'/%3E%3Cpath fill='%23CF7280' stroke='%23CF7280' stroke-miterlimit='10' stroke-width='.351' d='M357.378 300-41.22.664h-49.11L308.27 300z'/%3E%3C/svg%3E");
    background-color: #595959;
    background-repeat: no-repeat;
    background-size: auto 100%;
    background-position: center;
}
```

After copying the above snippet in a CSS stylesheet or the HTML `<style>` tags, to apply the background to an HTML element, simply add the CSS class name `disability-pride-flag` (you can rename the class name if you want) to the HTML element's `class` attribute.
