src/shrines/asummersend/gallery.md, before:

---
layout: asummersend/content
title: Gallery
pageTitle: A Summer’s End — Hong Kong 1986 Gallery
desc: My gallery for A Summer’s End — Hong Kong 1986.
tags: a summers end shrine page
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
    key: Gallery
    parent: A Summer’s End Shrine
    order: 3
---

{% cite "A Summer’s End — Hong Kong 1986" %} was lovingly crafted by its developer Oracle and Bone with gorgeous art, so i want to make a page dedicated to my appreciation for the visual novel’s art.

The game has an in-game gallery that gradually unlocks as you progress the story, though certain scene art only unlocks if you pick certain dialogue options. Check out [Dialog Choices Guide (AKA Lesbianism 101)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2072736837) on Steam for how to unlock all scenes, and thus the entire in-game gallery.

I also highly recommend checking out the [official site](https://www.asummersend.com/) of {% cite "A Summer’s End" %} and the social media accounts of Oracle and Bone's for more beauriful art about the visual novel!

## My Favourite Screenshots

![Sam dances in a club](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-01.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Sam approaches Michelle and they stand close together at the balcony window of Sam's house](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-02.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Close-up of Sam and Michelle almost kissing](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-03.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Sam and Michelle kiss in Sam's house](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-04.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Sam and Michelle kiss under the rain](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-05.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Sam and Michelle ride a motorcycle](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-06.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Sam and Michelle begin their intimate moment](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-07.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Sam and Michelle sit together in a restaurant](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-08.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Sam and Michelle stand and pose together for a photograph](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-09.avif){loading="lazy"}

## Passion Patch Screenshots

{% cite "A Summer’s End — Hong Kong 1986" %} offers an optional adult content patch, also referred to as Passion Patch, to the game. [Installation guide for the patch](https://www.asummersend.com/game-manual-installation-guide) can be found on the official website.

I had played {% cite "A Summer’s End" %} with the Passion Patch enabled and unlocked all scenes from the patch by referring to the [Dialog Choices Guide (AKA Lesbianism 101)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2072736837) on Steam.

The sex scenes between Sam and Michelle added by the Passion Patch are easily the best sapphic sex scenes I have ever seen in any game. Furthermore, Oracle and Bone had written a blog post about their thought process behind the [sexual content in {% cite "A Summer’s End" %}](https://www.asummersend.com/blog/sexual-content). Therefore, I want to dedicate this section to screenshots of these scenes.

{% contentWarning "Adult Content" %}
[![Sam kisses Michelle's cleavage and strokes Michelle's thigh](https://i.postimg.cc/T1FwDpN3/HK1986-2021-02-06-16-15-22-789.avif){loading="lazy"}](https://postimg.cc/YLNMcqw5)

[![Sam licks Michelle's bare stomach](https://i.postimg.cc/SRJRRWrP/HK1986-2021-02-06-16-15-32-530.avif){loading="lazy"}](https://postimg.cc/K3hxs3C7)

[![Michelle, with her shirt opened and bra exposed, pulls Sam's hand towards her lower body](https://i.postimg.cc/3rcW6crQ/HK1986-2021-02-06-16-16-42-897.avif){loading="lazy"}](https://postimg.cc/mh7b1VFm)

[![Sam fingers Michelle, whose breasts and stomach are exposed](https://i.postimg.cc/sXn13npS/HK1986-2021-02-06-16-16-55-049.avif){loading="lazy"}](https://postimg.cc/njDnkGSc)

[![Sam naked on top of Michelle, who caresses Sam's bare breast](https://i.postimg.cc/Hs8jC9jc/HK1986-2021-02-06-16-17-03-633.avif){loading="lazy"}](https://postimg.cc/gndGVRVm)
{% endcontentWarning %}

Commit message:

Add link to my A Summer's End Passion Patch gallery on Postimages

src/shrines/asummersend/gallery.md, after:

---
layout: asummersend/content
title: Gallery
pageTitle: A Summer’s End — Hong Kong 1986 Gallery
desc: My gallery for A Summer’s End — Hong Kong 1986.
tags: a summers end shrine page
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
    key: Gallery
    parent: A Summer’s End Shrine
    order: 3
---

{% cite "A Summer’s End — Hong Kong 1986" %} was lovingly crafted by its developer Oracle and Bone with gorgeous art, so i want to make a page dedicated to my appreciation for the visual novel’s art.

The game has an in-game gallery that gradually unlocks as you progress the story, though certain scene art only unlocks if you pick certain dialogue options. Check out [Dialog Choices Guide (AKA Lesbianism 101)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2072736837) on Steam for how to unlock all scenes, and thus the entire in-game gallery.

I also highly recommend checking out the [official site](https://www.asummersend.com/) of {% cite "A Summer’s End" %} and the social media accounts of Oracle and Bone's for more beauriful art about the visual novel!

## My Favourite Screenshots

![Sam dances in a club](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-01.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Sam approaches Michelle and they stand close together at the balcony window of Sam's house](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-02.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Close-up of Sam and Michelle almost kissing](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-03.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Sam and Michelle kiss in Sam's house](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-04.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Sam and Michelle kiss under the rain](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-05.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Sam and Michelle ride a motorcycle](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-06.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Sam and Michelle begin their intimate moment](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-07.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Sam and Michelle sit together in a restaurant](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-08.avif){loading="lazy"}

![Sam and Michelle stand and pose together for a photograph](/assets/shrines/asummersend/screenshots/ASE-Screenshot-09.avif){loading="lazy"}

## Passion Patch Screenshots

{% cite "A Summer’s End — Hong Kong 1986" %} offers an optional adult content patch, also referred to as Passion Patch, to the game. [Installation guide for the patch](https://www.asummersend.com/game-manual-installation-guide) can be found on the official website.

I had played {% cite "A Summer’s End" %} with the Passion Patch enabled and unlocked all scenes from the patch by referring to the [Dialog Choices Guide (AKA Lesbianism 101)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2072736837) on Steam.

The sex scenes between Sam and Michelle added by the Passion Patch are easily the best sapphic sex scenes I have ever seen in any game. Furthermore, Oracle and Bone had written a blog post about their thought process behind the [sexual content in {% cite "A Summer’s End" %}](https://www.asummersend.com/blog/sexual-content). Therefore, I want to dedicate this section to screenshots of these scenes.

{% contentWarning "Adult Content" %}
[![Sam kisses Michelle's cleavage and strokes Michelle's thigh](https://i.postimg.cc/T1FwDpN3/HK1986-2021-02-06-16-15-22-789.avif){loading="lazy"}](https://postimg.cc/YLNMcqw5)

[![Sam licks Michelle's bare stomach](https://i.postimg.cc/SRJRRWrP/HK1986-2021-02-06-16-15-32-530.avif){loading="lazy"}](https://postimg.cc/K3hxs3C7)

[![Michelle, with her shirt opened and bra exposed, pulls Sam's hand towards her lower body](https://i.postimg.cc/3rcW6crQ/HK1986-2021-02-06-16-16-42-897.avif){loading="lazy"}](https://postimg.cc/mh7b1VFm)

[![Sam fingers Michelle, whose breasts and stomach are exposed](https://i.postimg.cc/sXn13npS/HK1986-2021-02-06-16-16-55-049.avif){loading="lazy"}](https://postimg.cc/njDnkGSc)

[![Sam naked on top of Michelle, who caresses Sam's bare breast](https://i.postimg.cc/Hs8jC9jc/HK1986-2021-02-06-16-17-03-633.avif){loading="lazy"}](https://postimg.cc/gndGVRVm)

These screenshots of {% cite "A Summer’s End" %}'s Passion Patch can also be viewed on [my Postimages gallery](https://postimg.cc/gallery/YBhz5TbR), and are available in PNG and AVIF formats.
{% endcontentWarning %}
