src/shrines/asummersend/trivia.md, before:

---
layout: asummersend/content
title: Trivia
pageTitle: A Summer’s End — Hong Kong 1986 Trivia
desc: A collection of trivia about A Summer’s End — Hong Kong 1986.
tags: a summers end shrine page
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
    key: Trivia
    parent: A Summer’s End Shrine
    order: 2
---

Here is a collection of trivia about the characters from {% cite "A Summer’s End — Hong Kong 1986" %} provided by the developer Oracle and Bone on their social media pages, especially [Tumblr](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/).

## Movies and Music References

A Summer’s End contains many references to movies and music. This community post on Steam compiles a list of the movie and music references made in the game. Please be aware it contains spoilers!

[Movies and Music in A Summer’s End – Hong Kong 1986](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2213828067)

## Character Trivia

### Chinese Names

Michelle Cheung's Chinese name is [張鳳霞]{lang="zh"}, while Sam Wong's Chinese name is [黃嘉欣]{lang="zh"}. Oracle and Bone had commented on their idea behind the characters' Chinese names on [this Tumblr post](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/625313027310436352/hi-im-curious-how-you-came-up-with-sam-and):

> A part of how we came up with their names was by referencing names of Hong Kong film actresses from their time period as a little homage to them. We also thought of how their names might reflect their upbringing. For example, despite Michelle being younger than Sam, she has a more old fashioned sounding Chinese name. The meaning of their Chinese names was also important to us. We particularly wanted Michelle’s name to have metaphoric meaning that reflected her story as well as the themes of the game.

### Birthdays

* Michelle: February 16^[[Oracle and Bone's art for Michelle's Birthday](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/643241885438197760/spring-day-february-16-is-michelles-birthday) on 16 February 2021]
* Sam: December 28^[[Oracle and Bone's art for Sam's Birthday](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/638707575113891840/hit-rewind-december-28-is-sams-birthday-happy) on 28 December 2020]
* Cecelia: August 9^[[Oracle and Bone's art for Cecelia's Birthday](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/625985188093214720/%E9%BB%91%E5%A4%9C%E7%9A%84%E8%B1%B9-night-leopard-august-9-is-cecilias-birthday) on 9 August 2020]

### Zodiac Signs

* Michelle: Aquarius[^michelle-sam-cecelia-zodiac]
* Sam: Capricorn[^michelle-sam-cecelia-zodiac]
* Cecilia: Leo[^michelle-sam-cecelia-zodiac]
* Joey: Cancer^[[Oracle and Bone's Tumblr post](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/616711590970081280/hey-its-the-anon-that-asked-about-the-zodiac) on 29 April 2020]

[^michelle-sam-cecelia-zodiac]: [Oracle and Bone's Tumblr post](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/616522957953679360/hey-what-zodiac-signs-are-sam-michelle) on 27 April 2020

### Myers–Briggs Type Indicator

* Michelle: ISTJ[^mbti]
* Sam: ESFP[^mbti]
* Cecelia: ESTJ[^mbti]

[^mbti]: [Oracle and Bone's Tumblr post](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/622234880967950336/hey-first-of-all-i-just-wanted-to-say-i-adore-a) on 29 June 2020

### Inspirations

* The character and fashion of Cecelia has been largely inspired by Anita Mui.^[[Oracle and Bone's art for Cecelia's birthday](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/659052064213696512/%E7%83%88%E7%84%B0%E7%B4%85%E5%94%87-august-9-is-cecilias-birthday-happy) on 9 August 2021]

Commit message:

Use more descritive language for Oracle and Bone's Tumblr post

src/shrines/asummersend/trivia.md, after:

---
layout: asummersend/content
title: Trivia
pageTitle: A Summer’s End — Hong Kong 1986 Trivia
desc: A collection of trivia about A Summer’s End — Hong Kong 1986.
tags: a summers end shrine page
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
    key: Trivia
    parent: A Summer’s End Shrine
    order: 2
---

Here is a collection of trivia about the characters from {% cite "A Summer’s End — Hong Kong 1986" %} provided by the developer Oracle and Bone on their social media pages, especially [Tumblr](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/).

## Movies and Music References

A Summer’s End contains many references to movies and music. This community post on Steam compiles a list of the movie and music references made in the game. Please be aware it contains spoilers!

[Movies and Music in A Summer’s End – Hong Kong 1986](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2213828067)

## Character Trivia

### Chinese Names

Michelle Cheung's Chinese name is [張鳳霞]{lang="zh"}, while Sam Wong's Chinese name is [黃嘉欣]{lang="zh"}. Oracle and Bone had commented on their idea behind the characters' Chinese names in a [response to a fan's question on Tumblr](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/625313027310436352/hi-im-curious-how-you-came-up-with-sam-and):

> A part of how we came up with their names was by referencing names of Hong Kong film actresses from their time period as a little homage to them. We also thought of how their names might reflect their upbringing. For example, despite Michelle being younger than Sam, she has a more old fashioned sounding Chinese name. The meaning of their Chinese names was also important to us. We particularly wanted Michelle’s name to have metaphoric meaning that reflected her story as well as the themes of the game.

### Birthdays

* Michelle: February 16^[[Oracle and Bone's art for Michelle's Birthday](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/643241885438197760/spring-day-february-16-is-michelles-birthday) on 16 February 2021]
* Sam: December 28^[[Oracle and Bone's art for Sam's Birthday](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/638707575113891840/hit-rewind-december-28-is-sams-birthday-happy) on 28 December 2020]
* Cecelia: August 9^[[Oracle and Bone's art for Cecelia's Birthday](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/625985188093214720/%E9%BB%91%E5%A4%9C%E7%9A%84%E8%B1%B9-night-leopard-august-9-is-cecilias-birthday) on 9 August 2020]

### Zodiac Signs

* Michelle: Aquarius[^michelle-sam-cecelia-zodiac]
* Sam: Capricorn[^michelle-sam-cecelia-zodiac]
* Cecilia: Leo[^michelle-sam-cecelia-zodiac]
* Joey: Cancer^[[Oracle and Bone's Tumblr post](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/616711590970081280/hey-its-the-anon-that-asked-about-the-zodiac) on 29 April 2020]

[^michelle-sam-cecelia-zodiac]: [Oracle and Bone's Tumblr post](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/616522957953679360/hey-what-zodiac-signs-are-sam-michelle) on 27 April 2020

### Myers–Briggs Type Indicator

* Michelle: ISTJ[^mbti]
* Sam: ESFP[^mbti]
* Cecelia: ESTJ[^mbti]

[^mbti]: [Oracle and Bone's Tumblr post](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/622234880967950336/hey-first-of-all-i-just-wanted-to-say-i-adore-a) on 29 June 2020

### Inspirations

* The character and fashion of Cecelia has been largely inspired by Anita Mui.^[[Oracle and Bone's art for Cecelia's birthday](https://oracleandbone.tumblr.com/post/659052064213696512/%E7%83%88%E7%84%B0%E7%B4%85%E5%94%87-august-9-is-cecilias-birthday-happy) on 9 August 2021]
