src/pages/projects.md, before:

---
layout: main/content
title: Projects
desc: Things I have created.
isContentDivided: true
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 6
---

{% container "section", "content__section" %}
## My Drawings

My drawings can be found on my art blog on Tumblr:

[🎨 Leilukin's Art Blog](https://leilukinart.tumblr.com/){.link-btn}
{% endcontainer %}

{% container "section", "content__section" %}
## My Video Game Mods

![Banner of Leilukin's mods for Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic](/assets/projects/my-kotor1-mods-header.png)
- [Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic](./kotor1mods)

![Banner of Leilukin's mods for Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords](/assets/projects/my-kotor2-mods-header.png)

- [Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords](./kotor2mods)
{% endcontainer %}

{% container "section", "content__section" %}
## My Playlists

You can check out the playlists I have made on [my dedicated page](./playlists/).
{% endcontainer %}

{% container "section", "content__section" %}
## My Characters

I have created my own characters for various pieces of media. [You can check out my characters here](https://www.notion.so/leilukin/Leilukin-s-Characters-b377e277f01b4474945e85cf4cb15ada?pvs=4).
{% endcontainer %}

{% container "section", "content__section" %}
## My Mod Builds

Lists of video game mods I use for my own playthroughs.

* [Mass Effect Legendary Edition](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Hhh_31ZlplT06UaVVwf1so7PnIBRCbT60tCBNn7zHiQ/edit)
* [Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BTMJ1c-NOjU9q7qNftZac6jkOPluyucILglovcHtiaI/edit)
* [Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15HbD-k-D8WHrp10IjIryAguhq7k2W94pkuGys7Z7xNM/edit)
* [Stardew Valley](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LMMd3yRtLYb35A7oNEN1hRUsoe9-vo2MfMxcM2Wq0MI/edit)
{% endcontainer %}

Commit message:

Remove banner images for my video game mods

src/pages/projects.md, after:

---
layout: main/content
title: Projects
desc: Things I have created.
isContentDivided: true
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 6
---

{% container "section", "content__section" %}
## My Drawings

My drawings can be found on my art blog on Tumblr:

[🎨 Leilukin's Art Blog](https://leilukinart.tumblr.com/){.link-btn}
{% endcontainer %}

{% container "section", "content__section" %}
## My Video Game Mods

I have created mods (short for "modifications") for the following video games:

- [Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic](./kotor1mods)
- [Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords](./kotor2mods)
{% endcontainer %}

{% container "section", "content__section" %}
## My Playlists

You can check out the playlists I have made on [my dedicated page](./playlists/).
{% endcontainer %}

{% container "section", "content__section" %}
## My Characters

I have created my own characters for various pieces of media. [You can check out my characters here](https://www.notion.so/leilukin/Leilukin-s-Characters-b377e277f01b4474945e85cf4cb15ada?pvs=4).
{% endcontainer %}

{% container "section", "content__section" %}
## My Mod Builds

Lists of video game mods I use for my own playthroughs.

* [Mass Effect Legendary Edition](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Hhh_31ZlplT06UaVVwf1so7PnIBRCbT60tCBNn7zHiQ/edit)
* [Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BTMJ1c-NOjU9q7qNftZac6jkOPluyucILglovcHtiaI/edit)
* [Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15HbD-k-D8WHrp10IjIryAguhq7k2W94pkuGys7Z7xNM/edit)
* [Stardew Valley](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LMMd3yRtLYb35A7oNEN1hRUsoe9-vo2MfMxcM2Wq0MI/edit)
{% endcontainer %}
