src/projects/videogamemods/kotor1.md, before:

---
title: "My Mods for Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic"
desc: "List of video game mods I have made for Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic."
categories: ["star wars kotor"]
date: 2022-09-11
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 1
---

**Please make sure you have read and followed my instructions before asking for help or reporting any issue with my mods!**

If your issue is not addressed on my mod's page, ask for support or report issues with my mods on the mod's page on Deadly Stream, Nexus Mods or [send me an email]({{ sitemeta.siteAuthor.emailEncoded | safe }}).

{% from "global/macros.njk" import modEntry %}

## Player & Party Members

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Juhani Dialogue Restoration",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Juhani-Dialogue-Restoration.avif",
    desc: "Restores Juhani's conversations with the player that are unused or easy to miss in vanilla KotOR.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2173-juhani-dialogue-restoration/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1501"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Carth Onasi and Male PC Romance",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Carth-Onasi-and-Male-PC-Romance.avif",
    desc: "Makes Carth Onasi's romance subplot available for male player characters. <a href='/shrines/starwarskotor/articles/faq-same-gender-romance-mods'>Read the FAQ article</a> before asking questions about my same-gender romance mods for the KotOR series!",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2140-carth-onasi-and-male-pc-romance/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1493"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Bastila and Carth Romance Removal",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Bastila-and-Carth-Romance-Removal.avif",
    desc: "Removes Bastila and Carth's romance by removing all romance-related dialogue from their conversations.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2209-bastila-and-carth-romance-removal/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1519"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Leilukin's Juhani's Outfit Reskin Pack",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Leilukins-Juhanis-Outfit-Reskin-Pack.avif",
    desc: "Reskins Juhani's outfit by changing the outfit's color scheme, with multiple versions of reskin provided.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2275-leilukins-juhanis-outfit-reskin-pack/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1543"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Jolee in Unique Outfit Introduction",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Jolee-in-Unique-Outfit-Introduction.avif",
    desc: "Makes Jolee Bindo wear his signature robe when you meet him on Kashyyyk, before he joins your party.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1298-jolee-in-unique-outfit-introduction/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1221"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "KotOR 1 Improved Party Outfits",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/KotOR-1-Improved-Party-Outfits.avif",
    desc: "Adds new items to improve the properties of the default outfits of the human and humanoid party members of TSL, namely Bastila, Canderous, Carth, Jolee, Juhani and Mission.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2134-kotor-1-improved-party-outfits/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1491"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Darth Revan Texture for Star Forge Robes",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Darth-Revan-Texture-for-Star-Forge-Robes.avif",
    desc: "Makes the Star Forge Robes to have the same texture and inventory icon as Darth Revan's Robes.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1076-darth-revan-texture-for-star-forge-robes/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1143"
        }
    ]
}) }}

## Non-Playable Characters

{{ modEntry({
    title: "KotOR 1 Twi'lek Male NPC Diversity",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/K1-Twilek-Male-NPC-Diversity.avif",
    desc: "Diversifies the appearances of Twi'lek male NPCs in KotOR 1 by giving the named Twi'lek male NPCs different looks instead of the generic NPC looks.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2228-kotor-1-twilek-male-npc-diversity/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1530"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "KotOR 1 Twi'lek Female NPC Diversity",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/K1-Twilek-Female-NPC-Diversity.avif",
    desc: "Diversifies the appearances of Twi'lek female NPCs by giving the named Twi'lek female NPCs different looks instead of the generic NPC looks.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2179-kotor-1-twilek-female-npc-diversity/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1504"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Belaya's Unique Look",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Belaya-Unique-Look.avif",
    desc: "Gives the NPC Belaya a unique look instead of a generic NPC look.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2146-belayas-unique-look/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1494"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Human Xor Restoration",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Human-Xor-Restoration.avif",
    desc: "Restores the original appearance of the NPC Xor in the Xbox version of KotOR, by changing his species from a Twi'lek to a human.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1091-human-xor-restoration/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1155"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Human Xor Unique Look",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Human-Xor-Unique-Look.avif",
    desc: "Changes the NPC Xor's appearance by making him a human with a unique look to make him different from other human NPCs.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2147-human-xor-unique-look/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1495"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "KotOR 1 No Gendered Dialogue from Male NPCs",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/K1-No-Gendered-Dialogue-Male-NPCs.avif",
    desc: "MOD_DESC",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2176-kotor-1-no-gendered-dialogue-from-male-npcs/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1502"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "PC Dialogue with Davik's Slaves Change",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/PC-Dialogue-with-Daviks-Slaves-Change.avif",
    desc: "Removes the option for the player character to flirt with Davik Kang's slaves, or give the player Dark Side options for requesting a massage from the slaves. Threatening the slaves also gives the player Dark Side points.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2214-pc-dialogue-with-daviks-slaves-change/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1523"
        }
    ]
}) }}

## Gameplay

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Trask Ulgo Without Tutorials",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Trask-Ulgo-Without-Tutorials.avif",
    desc: "Removes the tutorial elements from the game, while keeps Trask Ulgo as a party member in the first area of the Endar Spire.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2184-trask-ulgo-without-tutorials/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1508"
        }
    ]
}) }}

## Music

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Mysterious Box Music for Unknown World",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Mysterious-Box-Music-for-Unknown-World.avif",
    desc: "This mod will make the Mysterious Box's ambient music played in some areas of the Unknown World.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1322-mysterious-box-music-for-unknown-world/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1226"
        }
    ]
}) }}

Commit message:

Fix mod description of no gendered dialogue from male NPCs

src/projects/videogamemods/kotor1.md, after:

---
title: "My Mods for Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic"
desc: "List of video game mods I have made for Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic."
categories: ["star wars kotor"]
date: 2022-09-11
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 1
---

**Please make sure you have read and followed my instructions before asking for help or reporting any issue with my mods!**

If your issue is not addressed on my mod's page, ask for support or report issues with my mods on the mod's page on Deadly Stream, Nexus Mods or [send me an email]({{ sitemeta.siteAuthor.emailEncoded | safe }}).

{% from "global/macros.njk" import modEntry %}

## Player & Party Members

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Juhani Dialogue Restoration",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Juhani-Dialogue-Restoration.avif",
    desc: "Restores Juhani's conversations with the player that are unused or easy to miss in vanilla KotOR.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2173-juhani-dialogue-restoration/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1501"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Carth Onasi and Male PC Romance",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Carth-Onasi-and-Male-PC-Romance.avif",
    desc: "Makes Carth Onasi's romance subplot available for male player characters. <a href='/shrines/starwarskotor/articles/faq-same-gender-romance-mods'>Read the FAQ article</a> before asking questions about my same-gender romance mods for the KotOR series!",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2140-carth-onasi-and-male-pc-romance/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1493"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Bastila and Carth Romance Removal",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Bastila-and-Carth-Romance-Removal.avif",
    desc: "Removes Bastila and Carth's romance by removing all romance-related dialogue from their conversations.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2209-bastila-and-carth-romance-removal/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1519"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Leilukin's Juhani's Outfit Reskin Pack",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Leilukins-Juhanis-Outfit-Reskin-Pack.avif",
    desc: "Reskins Juhani's outfit by changing the outfit's color scheme, with multiple versions of reskin provided.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2275-leilukins-juhanis-outfit-reskin-pack/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1543"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Jolee in Unique Outfit Introduction",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Jolee-in-Unique-Outfit-Introduction.avif",
    desc: "Makes Jolee Bindo wear his signature robe when you meet him on Kashyyyk, before he joins your party.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1298-jolee-in-unique-outfit-introduction/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1221"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "KotOR 1 Improved Party Outfits",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/KotOR-1-Improved-Party-Outfits.avif",
    desc: "Adds new items to improve the properties of the default outfits of the human and humanoid party members of TSL, namely Bastila, Canderous, Carth, Jolee, Juhani and Mission.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2134-kotor-1-improved-party-outfits/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1491"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Darth Revan Texture for Star Forge Robes",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Darth-Revan-Texture-for-Star-Forge-Robes.avif",
    desc: "Makes the Star Forge Robes to have the same texture and inventory icon as Darth Revan's Robes.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1076-darth-revan-texture-for-star-forge-robes/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1143"
        }
    ]
}) }}

## Non-Playable Characters

{{ modEntry({
    title: "KotOR 1 Twi'lek Male NPC Diversity",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/K1-Twilek-Male-NPC-Diversity.avif",
    desc: "Diversifies the appearances of Twi'lek male NPCs in KotOR 1 by giving the named Twi'lek male NPCs different looks instead of the generic NPC looks.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2228-kotor-1-twilek-male-npc-diversity/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1530"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "KotOR 1 Twi'lek Female NPC Diversity",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/K1-Twilek-Female-NPC-Diversity.avif",
    desc: "Diversifies the appearances of Twi'lek female NPCs by giving the named Twi'lek female NPCs different looks instead of the generic NPC looks.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2179-kotor-1-twilek-female-npc-diversity/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1504"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Belaya's Unique Look",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Belaya-Unique-Look.avif",
    desc: "Gives the NPC Belaya a unique look instead of a generic NPC look.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2146-belayas-unique-look/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1494"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Human Xor Restoration",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Human-Xor-Restoration.avif",
    desc: "Restores the original appearance of the NPC Xor in the Xbox version of KotOR, by changing his species from a Twi'lek to a human.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1091-human-xor-restoration/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1155"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Human Xor Unique Look",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Human-Xor-Unique-Look.avif",
    desc: "Changes the NPC Xor's appearance by making him a human with a unique look to make him different from other human NPCs.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2147-human-xor-unique-look/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1495"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "KotOR 1 No Gendered Dialogue from Male NPCs",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/K1-No-Gendered-Dialogue-Male-NPCs.avif",
    desc: "Removes male NPC dialogues that involve them flirting with female player characters or remarking on the female PC's gender or appearance.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2176-kotor-1-no-gendered-dialogue-from-male-npcs/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1502"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "PC Dialogue with Davik's Slaves Change",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/PC-Dialogue-with-Daviks-Slaves-Change.avif",
    desc: "Removes the option for the player character to flirt with Davik Kang's slaves, or give the player Dark Side options for requesting a massage from the slaves. Threatening the slaves also gives the player Dark Side points.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2214-pc-dialogue-with-daviks-slaves-change/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1523"
        }
    ]
}) }}

## Gameplay

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Trask Ulgo Without Tutorials",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Trask-Ulgo-Without-Tutorials.avif",
    desc: "Removes the tutorial elements from the game, while keeps Trask Ulgo as a party member in the first area of the Endar Spire.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2184-trask-ulgo-without-tutorials/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1508"
        }
    ]
}) }}

## Music

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Mysterious Box Music for Unknown World",
    bannerFile: "kotor1mods/Mysterious-Box-Music-for-Unknown-World.avif",
    desc: "This mod will make the Mysterious Box's ambient music played in some areas of the Unknown World.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1322-mysterious-box-music-for-unknown-world/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1226"
        }
    ]
}) }}
