src/slashes/navbarlinks/now.md, before:

---
title: Now
updated: 2025-04-13T08:00:06+0800
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 3
eleventyComputed:
    desc: What {{ sitemeta.siteAuthor.name }} is doing currently.
---

*This page was last updated on <time datetime="{{ updated }}">{{ updated | formatDate }}</time>.*

This is my [/now page](https://nownownow.com/about). You can find more pages like this at [nownownow.com](https://nownownow.com/).

You can also check out my [status.cafe profile](https://status.cafe/users/leilukin) for my latest short status updates.

## Attending the 42 Computer Science School

I am attending a Malaysian campus of the [42 computer science school](https://www.42network.org/). I have registered, passed their online game test and am currently in their 26-daybootcamp known as the Piscine beginning on 7 April 2025.

You can read more about my life at 42 the computer science school in my blog posts under the ["42 the school"](/categories/42-the-school/) category.

## Switching to Vim and Neovim from Visual Studio Code as My Main Code Editor

Visual Studio Code had been my main code editor for two years, since I started to teach myself web development, but I have switched to Neovim (with [LazyVim](https://www.lazyvim.org/)'s setup) as my main code editor.

You can read more about the switch in my blog post, ["I Use (Neo)Vim BTW"](/blog/posts/2025-04-03-i-use-neovim-btw/).

Commit message:

Update Now page regarding 42 and Vento

src/slashes/navbarlinks/now.md, after:

---
title: Now
updated: 2025-05-03T11:03:56+0800
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 3
eleventyComputed:
    desc: What {{ sitemeta.siteAuthor.name }} is doing currently.
---

*This page was last updated on <time datetime="{{ updated }}">{{ updated | formatDate }}</time>.*

This is my [/now page](https://nownownow.com/about). You can find more pages like this at [nownownow.com](https://nownownow.com/).

You can also check out my [status.cafe profile](https://status.cafe/users/leilukin) for my latest short status updates.

## Attended 42 the Computer Science School

From April 7 to May 2, I attended a Malaysian campus of the [42 computer science school](https://www.42network.org/), by participating in their 26-day bootcamp named the Piscine.

You can read more about my life at 42 the computer science school in my blog posts under the ["42 the school"](/categories/42-the-school/) category.

## Converting My Eleventy Websites' Template Engine to Vento

Since I started using the static site generator [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/) to build my websites, I have been using Nunjucks as the template engine for my Eleventy websites. However, after discovering [Vento](https://vento.js.org/) and [its Eleventy plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eleventy-plugin-vento), I started to work on converting my websites' template engine to Vento.
