src/links/linkgroups/webweaving.md, before:

---
pageTitle: Webweaving
date: 2024-07-01
updated: 2025-07-26T08:18:55+0800
desc: My curated resources and guides for making your own website.
toc: true
---
I adopted the term "webweaving" from [32-Bit Cafe](https://32bit.cafe/), particularly its [Discourse forum](https://discourse.32bit.cafe/) to refer to the activity of making and developing websites in hobby contexts. In essence, webweaving is hobbyist web design and web development.

## Why Have Your Own Website

* [You should have a website](https://nora.zone/manifesto.html) by Nora Reed

## Getting Started with Making Your Website

* [You Can Make A Website](https://osteophage.neocities.org/essays/you-can-make-a-website) by Coyote

## Webweaving Tutorials

* [HTML for People](https://htmlforpeople.com/) by Blake Watson
* [Make Your Own Website](https://web.pixelshannon.com/make/) by Shannon Kay
* [Creating Your Own Website](https://32bit.cafe/cyowebsite/) by 32-Bit Cafe
* [Interacting with Other Websites](https://32bit.cafe/interactingontheweb/) by 32-Bit Cafe
* [How to build your own RSS Feed](https://caffeineandlasers.neocities.org/blogs/rss) by Cameron Jones
* [Roll your own RSS feed](https://thedabbler.patatas.ca/pages/roll_your_own_rss.html) by patatas

## Webweaving Guides

* [Reducing HTML Redundancy](https://owlsroost.xyz/articles/2023-12-23-reducing-html-redundancy.html) by Owl
* [How to Make Your Site Mobile-Friendly](https://owlsroost.xyz/articles/2024-06-24-how-to-make-your-site-mobile-friendly.html) by Owl
* [How to Favicon: Three files that fit most needs](https://evilmartians.com/chronicles/how-to-favicon-in-2021-six-files-that-fit-most-needs) by Irina Nazarova

## Webweaving Resources

* [Resources List for the Personal Web](https://discourse.32bit.cafe/t/resources-list-for-the-personal-web/49) by 32-Bit Cafe — I have also contributed to this list
* [Can I use...](https://caniuse.com/) — Check browser compatibility for web features
* [SVGOMG](https://jakearchibald.github.io/svgomg/) — SVG optimiser
* [URL-encoder for SVG](https://yoksel.github.io/url-encoder/)

## Ideas for Your Website

* [Ideas for Your Personal Website](https://32bit.cafe/websiteideas/) by 32-Bit Cafe
* [Slash Pages](https://slashpages.net/)
* [Bekah's Blog Idea Generator](https://www.thefrugalgamer.net/programming/blogPrompts/)

## Web Accessibility

* [The Access Manifesto](https://joeclark.org/book/sashay/serialization/AccessManifesto.html) by Joe Clark — Worth noting that this was originally written in 2002
* [You Should Care About Accessibility](https://owlsroost.xyz/articles/2023-08-20-you-should-care-about-accessibility.html) by Owl
* [A Field Guide to Web Accessibility](https://theultimatemotherfuckingwebsite.com/) by Valery
* [Resources for Beginners to Learn About Web Accessibility and Web Design](https://www.tumblr.com/foxpunk/700063063948312576/hey-you-yeah-you-with-the-cool-neocities) curated by foxpunk
* [5 ways to make your neocities site more accessible](https://sleepydev.neocities.org/posts/5%20Ways%20to%20make%20your%20Neocities%20site%20more%20accessible) by Sleepy dev
* [Three Common Accessibility Problems and How to Fix Them](https://solaria.neocities.org/beginnersaccessibility) by Solaria
* [What I've Learned About Web Accessibility as a Dyslexic, Sighted, Mouse User](https://solaria.neocities.org/accessibility) by Solaria
* [Screen reader testing: how to test your website's accessibility](https://www.siteimprove.com/glossary/screen-reader-testing/) by Siteimprove
* [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) in Plain English](https://aaardvarkaccessibility.com/wcag-plain-english/) by Ardvark

## Eleventy
Resources for learning to use the static site generator [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/), which is also used for building {{ sitemeta.siteName }}.

* [The 11ty Bundle](https://11tybundle.dev/) — Collection of Eleventy resources
* [My Neocities workflow: using Eleventy and the CLI to speed up development](https://whiona.weblog.lol/2023/10/my-neocities-workflow:-using-eleventy-and-the-cli-to-speed-up-development) by Whiona — Written for Neocities users
* [Eleventy for Neocities Users](https://github.com/nycki93/eleventy-for-neocities-users) by Nycki — An Eleventy website starter template aimed at Neocities users
* [Strawberry Starter](https://strawberrystarter.neocities.org/) by Kate Bagenzo — An Eleventy blog template aimed at website beginners that can be uploaded automatically to Neocities
* [Migrating to Eleventy](https://renkotsuban.com/posts/2025-07-25-Updates-to-the-Eleventy-guide.html) by Renkon — A beginner-friendly guide to get started with Eleventy
* [How I teach Eleventy from scratch](https://hamatti.org/posts/how-i-teach-eleventy-from-scratch/) by Juha-Matti Santala
* [Getting set up in Eleventy](https://cloudcannon.com/tutorials/eleventy-beginner-tutorial/) by Mike Neumegen
* [Learn Eleventy](https://learn-eleventy.pages.dev/) by uncenter

Commit message:

chore(resources): add Shannon Kay's webweaving guides

src/links/linkgroups/webweaving.md, after:

---
pageTitle: Webweaving
date: 2024-07-01
updated: 2025-09-24T17:43:50+0800
desc: My curated resources and guides for making your own website.
toc: true
---
I adopted the term "webweaving" from [32-Bit Cafe](https://32bit.cafe/) to refer to the activity of making and developing websites in hobby contexts. In essence, webweaving is hobbyist web design and web development.

## Why Have Your Own Website

* [You should have a website](https://nora.zone/manifesto.html) by Nora Reed

## Getting Started with Making Your Website

* [You Can Make A Website](https://osteophage.neocities.org/essays/you-can-make-a-website) by Coyote
- [Have Your Own Website](https://yourownwebsite.org/have/) by Shannon Kay
- [Make Your Own Website](https://make.yourownwebsite.org/) by Shannon Kay
- [Start a Blog](https://yourownwebsite.org/startablog/) by Shannon Kay

## Webweaving Tutorials

* [HTML for People](https://htmlforpeople.com/) by Blake Watson
* [Make Your Own Website](https://web.pixelshannon.com/make/) by Shannon Kay
* [Creating Your Own Website](https://32bit.cafe/cyowebsite/) by 32-Bit Cafe
* [Interacting with Other Websites](https://32bit.cafe/interactingontheweb/) by 32-Bit Cafe
* [How to build your own RSS Feed](https://caffeineandlasers.neocities.org/blogs/rss) by Cameron Jones
* [Roll your own RSS feed](https://thedabbler.patatas.ca/pages/roll_your_own_rss.html) by patatas

## Webweaving Guides

* [Reducing HTML Redundancy](https://owlsroost.xyz/articles/2023-12-23-reducing-html-redundancy.html) by Owl
* [How to Make Your Site Mobile-Friendly](https://owlsroost.xyz/articles/2024-06-24-how-to-make-your-site-mobile-friendly.html) by Owl
* [How to Favicon: Three files that fit most needs](https://evilmartians.com/chronicles/how-to-favicon-in-2021-six-files-that-fit-most-needs) by Irina Nazarova

## Webweaving Resources

* [Resources List for the Personal Web](https://discourse.32bit.cafe/t/resources-list-for-the-personal-web/49) by 32-Bit Cafe — I have also contributed to this list
* [Can I use...](https://caniuse.com/) — Check browser compatibility for web features
* [SVGOMG](https://jakearchibald.github.io/svgomg/) — SVG optimiser
* [URL-encoder for SVG](https://yoksel.github.io/url-encoder/)

## Ideas for Your Website

* [Ideas for Your Personal Website](https://32bit.cafe/websiteideas/) by 32-Bit Cafe
* [Slash Pages](https://slashpages.net/)
* [Bekah's Blog Idea Generator](https://www.thefrugalgamer.net/programming/blogPrompts/)

## Web Accessibility

* [The Access Manifesto](https://joeclark.org/book/sashay/serialization/AccessManifesto.html) by Joe Clark — Worth noting that this was originally written in 2002
* [You Should Care About Accessibility](https://owlsroost.xyz/articles/2023-08-20-you-should-care-about-accessibility.html) by Owl
* [A Field Guide to Web Accessibility](https://theultimatemotherfuckingwebsite.com/) by Valery
* [Resources for Beginners to Learn About Web Accessibility and Web Design](https://www.tumblr.com/foxpunk/700063063948312576/hey-you-yeah-you-with-the-cool-neocities) curated by foxpunk
* [5 ways to make your neocities site more accessible](https://sleepydev.neocities.org/posts/5%20Ways%20to%20make%20your%20Neocities%20site%20more%20accessible) by Sleepy dev
* [Three Common Accessibility Problems and How to Fix Them](https://solaria.neocities.org/beginnersaccessibility) by Solaria
* [What I've Learned About Web Accessibility as a Dyslexic, Sighted, Mouse User](https://solaria.neocities.org/accessibility) by Solaria
* [Screen reader testing: how to test your website's accessibility](https://www.siteimprove.com/glossary/screen-reader-testing/) by Siteimprove
* [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) in Plain English](https://aaardvarkaccessibility.com/wcag-plain-english/) by Ardvark

## Eleventy
Resources for learning to use the static site generator [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/), which is also used for building {{ sitemeta.siteName }}.

* [The 11ty Bundle](https://11tybundle.dev/) — Collection of Eleventy resources
* [My Neocities workflow: using Eleventy and the CLI to speed up development](https://whiona.weblog.lol/2023/10/my-neocities-workflow:-using-eleventy-and-the-cli-to-speed-up-development) by Whiona — Written for Neocities users
* [Eleventy for Neocities Users](https://github.com/nycki93/eleventy-for-neocities-users) by Nycki — An Eleventy website starter template aimed at Neocities users
* [Strawberry Starter](https://strawberrystarter.neocities.org/) by Kate Bagenzo — An Eleventy blog template aimed at website beginners that can be uploaded automatically to Neocities
* [Migrating to Eleventy](https://renkotsuban.com/posts/2025-07-25-Updates-to-the-Eleventy-guide.html) by Renkon — A beginner-friendly guide to get started with Eleventy
* [How I teach Eleventy from scratch](https://hamatti.org/posts/how-i-teach-eleventy-from-scratch/) by Juha-Matti Santala
* [Getting set up in Eleventy](https://cloudcannon.com/tutorials/eleventy-beginner-tutorial/) by Mike Neumegen
* [Learn Eleventy](https://learn-eleventy.pages.dev/) by uncenter
