src/statements/accessibility.md, before:

---
title: Accessibility
keyword: accessibility statement
updated: 2024-05-29
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 12
---

Even though this website is primarily meant to be my own space of self-expression, I also want every visitor to my website to have the best possible experience of browsing my website. Therefore, I strive to design this website to be accessible, including to disabled and neurodivergent people, by aiming to meet [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) Level AA standards.

This site uses the [Lexend](https://www.lexend.com/) font family as the default font and [Intel One Mono](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/company-overview/one-monospace-font.html) as the monospace font to improve text readability.

I use the following tools to test my site for accessibility:
* WebAIM's [WAVE Browser Extension](https://wave.webaim.org/extension/)
* [NVDA](https://www.nvaccess.org/about-nvda/) screen reader for Windows

In addition, I test the accessibility of my website manually by navigating with keyboard alone.

Feedbacks from disabled and neurodivergent people are welcome. You can [contact me via email](mailto:{{sitemeta.siteAuthor.email}}) for feedbacks and suggestions for improving the accessibility of this site.

Commit message:

Add mobile screen readers to tools to test accessibility

src/statements/accessibility.md, after:

---
title: Accessibility
keyword: accessibility statement
updated: 2024-06-01
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 12
---

Even though this website is primarily meant to be my own space of self-expression, I also want every visitor to my website to have the best possible experience of browsing my website. Therefore, I strive to design this website to be accessible, including to disabled and neurodivergent people, by aiming to meet [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) Level AA standards.

This site uses the [Lexend](https://www.lexend.com/) font family as the default font and [Intel One Mono](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/company-overview/one-monospace-font.html) as the monospace font to improve text readability.

I use the following tools to test my site for accessibility:
* WebAIM's [WAVE Browser Extension](https://wave.webaim.org/extension/)
* [NVDA](https://www.nvaccess.org/about-nvda/) screen reader for Windows
* TalkBack screen reader for Android
* VOiceOver screen reader for iOS

In addition, I test the accessibility of my website manually by navigating with keyboard alone.

Feedbacks from disabled and neurodivergent people are welcome. You can [contact me via email](mailto:{{sitemeta.siteAuthor.email}}) for feedbacks and suggestions for improving the accessibility of this site.
