src/slashes/footerlinks/uses.md, before:

---
title: Uses
desc: A non-exhaustive list of hardware and software that I use.
updated: 2025-04-16T08:36:06+0800
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
     order: 13  
---

Below is a non-exhaustive list of the hardware and software that I use.

You can find more /uses pages on [uses.tech](https://uses.tech/).

## Hardware

- Laptop: Acer Predator Helios 300. Purchased in February 2018.
- Smartphone: Xiaomi Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G. Purchased in August 2024.
- Smartwatch: Xiaomi Smart Band 9

## Software

### General

- Fonts: [Readex Pro](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Readex+Pro), and [Intel One Mono](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/company-overview/one-monospace-font.html)

### Operating Systems

- Laptop: Windows 11 Pro, with [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/wsl) (WSL) enabled and [Ubuntu](https://ubuntu.com/) installed as the Linux distribution
- Smartphone: Xiaomi HyperOS 2.0, based on Android 15
- Smartwatch: Xiaomi HyperOS 2.0

### Operating System Utilities

- [Chris Titus Tech's Windows Utility](https://github.com/ChrisTitusTech/winutil)
- [WinScript](https://winscript.cc/)
- [MIUI-Debloater](https://github.com/kirthandev/MIUI-Debloater-official)
- Package manager:
    - Windows: [Windows Package Manager](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/package-manager/) (winget) and [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/)
    - Linux: [APT](https://wiki.debian.org/AptCLI)
- Mobile app manager: [Obtanium](https://github.com/ImranR98/Obtainium)
- Screen reader: [NVDA](https://www.nvaccess.org/download/) on Windows, and TalkBack on Android

### Internet

- Internet browser: [Mozilla Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/), [Vivaldi](https://vivaldi.com/), [Lynx](https://lynx.invisible-island.net/), and [Tor Browser](https://www.torproject.org/)
- Search engine: [Ecosia](https://www.ecosia.org/) and [Mullvad Leta](https://leta.mullvad.net/)
- Email service: [Purelymail](https://purelymail.com/), [Proton Mail](https://proton.me/mail) and Gmail
- Email client: [Mozilla Thunderbird](https://www.thunderbird.net/)
- Feed reader: [FreshRSS](https://www.freshrss.org/) ([32-Bit Cafe](https://32bit.cafe/) instance), and [Readrops](https://github.com/readrops/Readrops) on Android
- VPN: [Proton VPN](https://protonvpn.com/)
- IRC client: [IRCCloud](https://www.irccloud.com/)
- Mastodon client: The official web interface on desktop, and [Moshidon](https://github.com/LucasGGamerM/moshidon) on Android
- YouTube frontend: [FreeTube](https://freetubeapp.io/) on Windows, and [NewPipe](https://newpipe.net/) on Android
- Reddit frontend: [Redlib](https://github.com/redlib-org/redlib)

### Productivity

- Notes:
	- [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) for writing, project management and personal knowledge base
	- [Standard Notes](https://standardnotes.com/) for quick notes
- Cloud file storage:
	- [pCloud](https://www.pcloud.com/) (Lifetime paid plan)
	- [Tresorit](https://tresorit.com/) for storing my most important files
	- [MEGA](https://mega.io/) for storing personal photos
	- [Nextcloud](https://nextcloud.com/) ([The Good Cloud](https://thegood.cloud/) instance) for storing my Obsidian vaults and notes
- Bookmarks: Mozilla Firefox bookmarks and [Raindrop.io](https://raindrop.io/)
- Text editor: [Notepads](https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nhl4nsc67wm)
- Office suite: [LibreOffice](https://www.libreoffice.org/)
- Calendar: [Nextcloud](https://nextcloud.com/) ([The Good Cloud](https://thegood.cloud/) instance) with [Mozilla Thunderbird](https://www.thunderbird.net/)
- Tasks: Nextcloud (The Good Cloud instance) with Mozilla Thunderbird
- Personal finance: [Money Manager EX](https://moneymanagerex.org/)
- Calculator: [Qalculate!](https://qalculate.github.io/)
- Spellchecker: [LanguageTool](https://languagetool.org/)
- Translator: [DeepL Translate](https://www.deepl.com/)
- File archiver: [PeaZip](https://peazip.github.io/)

### Security

- Password manager: [BitWarden](https://bitwarden.com/) and [KeePassXC](https://keepassxc.org/)
- Multi-factor authentication Tool: [Ente Auth](https://ente.io/auth/)
- Cloud file storage encryption: [Cryptomator](https://cryptomator.org/)

### Software Development

- Integrated development environment (IDE): [Neovim](https://neovim.io/) with the [LazyVim](https://www.lazyvim.org/) setup
- Code editors: [Vim](https://www.vim.org/) and [Notepad++](https://notepad-plus-plus.org/)
- Terminal emulator: [Windows Terminal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Terminal)
- Shell: [PowerShell](https://microsoft.com/powershell) on Windows and [Zsh](https://www.zsh.org/) on Linux
- Version control: [Git](https://git-scm.com/) with [GitHub](https://github.com/)

### Media

- Image viewer: [ImageGlass](https://imageglass.org/) on Windows, and [Simple Gallery](https://github.com/SimpleMobileTools/Simple-Gallery) on Android
- Videos: [MPC-BE](https://sourceforge.net/projects/mpcbe/) on Windows, and [mpv](https://github.com/mpv-android/mpv-android) on Android
- Audio: MPC-BE on Windows, and mpv on Android
- Music library: [Dopamine](https://github.com/digimezzo/dopamine) on Windows, and [Simple Music Player](https://github.com/SimpleMobileTools/Simple-Music-Player) on Android
- Ebooks: [SumatraPDF](https://www.sumatrapdfreader.org/free-pdf-reader.html) for Windows and [Librera Reader](https://librera.mobi/) FDroid for Android
- PDF reader: SumatraPDF on Windows, and [MJ PDF](https://gitlab.com/mudlej_android/mj_pdf_reader) on Android
- Comic reader: [YACReader](https://www.yacreader.com/)
- Screenshot tool: [ShareX](https://getsharex.com/)
- Screen recorder: [Bandicam](http://www.bandicam.com/) (also used for taking video game screenshots)
- Image converter: [ImageMagick](https://www.imagemagick.org/)
- Media converter: [Shutter Encoder](https://www.shutterencoder.com/) and [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/)
- Game streaming: [Sunshine](http://app.lizardbyte.dev/Sunshine/) and [Moonlight](https://moonlight-stream.org/)

### Art and Design

- Photo editor: [Affinity Photo 2](https://affinity.serif.com/photo/)
- Vector graphic editor: [Affinity Designer 2](https://affinity.serif.com/designer/)
- Drawing: [Krita](https://krita.org/)
- Video editor: [Kdenlive](https://kdenlive.org/)
- Audio editor: [Tenacity](https://tenacityaudio.org/)

Commit message:

Add game consoles to hardware I use

src/slashes/footerlinks/uses.md, after:

---
title: Uses
desc: A non-exhaustive list of hardware and software that I use.
updated: 2025-04-17T18:51:14+0800
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
     order: 13  
---

Below is a non-exhaustive list of the hardware and software that I use.

You can find more /uses pages on [uses.tech](https://uses.tech/).

## Hardware

- Laptop: Acer Predator Helios 300. Purchased in February 2018.
- Smartphone: Xiaomi Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G. Purchased in August 2024.
- Smartwatch: Xiaomi Smart Band 9
- Video game consoles: Nintendo 3DS XL (with [custom firmware](https://3ds.hacks.guide/) installed), and Nintendo Switch

## Software

### General

- Fonts: [Readex Pro](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Readex+Pro), and [Intel One Mono](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/company-overview/one-monospace-font.html)

### Operating Systems

- Laptop: Windows 11 Pro, with [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/wsl) (WSL) enabled and [Ubuntu](https://ubuntu.com/) installed as the Linux distribution
- Smartphone: Xiaomi HyperOS 2.0, based on Android 15
- Smartwatch: Xiaomi HyperOS 2.0

### Operating System Utilities

- [Chris Titus Tech's Windows Utility](https://github.com/ChrisTitusTech/winutil)
- [WinScript](https://winscript.cc/)
- [MIUI-Debloater](https://github.com/kirthandev/MIUI-Debloater-official)
- Package manager:
    - Windows: [Windows Package Manager](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/package-manager/) (winget) and [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/)
    - Linux: [APT](https://wiki.debian.org/AptCLI)
- Mobile app manager: [Obtanium](https://github.com/ImranR98/Obtainium)
- Screen reader: [NVDA](https://www.nvaccess.org/download/) on Windows, and TalkBack on Android

### Internet

- Internet browser: [Mozilla Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/), [Vivaldi](https://vivaldi.com/), [Lynx](https://lynx.invisible-island.net/), and [Tor Browser](https://www.torproject.org/)
- Search engine: [Ecosia](https://www.ecosia.org/) and [Mullvad Leta](https://leta.mullvad.net/)
- Email service: [Purelymail](https://purelymail.com/), [Proton Mail](https://proton.me/mail) and Gmail
- Email client: [Mozilla Thunderbird](https://www.thunderbird.net/)
- Feed reader: [FreshRSS](https://www.freshrss.org/) ([32-Bit Cafe](https://32bit.cafe/) instance), and [Readrops](https://github.com/readrops/Readrops) on Android
- VPN: [Proton VPN](https://protonvpn.com/)
- IRC client: [IRCCloud](https://www.irccloud.com/)
- Mastodon client: The official web interface on desktop, and [Moshidon](https://github.com/LucasGGamerM/moshidon) on Android
- YouTube frontend: [FreeTube](https://freetubeapp.io/) on Windows, and [NewPipe](https://newpipe.net/) on Android
- Reddit frontend: [Redlib](https://github.com/redlib-org/redlib)

### Productivity

- Notes:
	- [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) for writing, project management and personal knowledge base
	- [Standard Notes](https://standardnotes.com/) for quick notes
- Cloud file storage:
	- [pCloud](https://www.pcloud.com/) (Lifetime paid plan)
	- [Tresorit](https://tresorit.com/) for storing my most important files
	- [MEGA](https://mega.io/) for storing personal photos
	- [Nextcloud](https://nextcloud.com/) ([The Good Cloud](https://thegood.cloud/) instance) for storing my Obsidian vaults and notes
- Bookmarks: Mozilla Firefox bookmarks and [Raindrop.io](https://raindrop.io/)
- Text editor: [Notepads](https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nhl4nsc67wm)
- Office suite: [LibreOffice](https://www.libreoffice.org/)
- Calendar: [Nextcloud](https://nextcloud.com/) ([The Good Cloud](https://thegood.cloud/) instance) with [Mozilla Thunderbird](https://www.thunderbird.net/)
- Tasks: Nextcloud (The Good Cloud instance) with Mozilla Thunderbird
- Personal finance: [Money Manager EX](https://moneymanagerex.org/)
- Calculator: [Qalculate!](https://qalculate.github.io/)
- Spellchecker: [LanguageTool](https://languagetool.org/)
- Translator: [DeepL Translate](https://www.deepl.com/)
- File archiver: [PeaZip](https://peazip.github.io/)

### Security

- Password manager: [BitWarden](https://bitwarden.com/) and [KeePassXC](https://keepassxc.org/)
- Multi-factor authentication Tool: [Ente Auth](https://ente.io/auth/)
- Cloud file storage encryption: [Cryptomator](https://cryptomator.org/)

### Software Development

- Integrated development environment (IDE): [Neovim](https://neovim.io/) with the [LazyVim](https://www.lazyvim.org/) setup
- Code editors: [Vim](https://www.vim.org/) and [Notepad++](https://notepad-plus-plus.org/)
- Terminal emulator: [Windows Terminal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Terminal)
- Shell: [PowerShell](https://microsoft.com/powershell) on Windows and [Zsh](https://www.zsh.org/) on Linux
- Version control: [Git](https://git-scm.com/) with [GitHub](https://github.com/)

### Media

- Image viewer: [ImageGlass](https://imageglass.org/) on Windows, and [Simple Gallery](https://github.com/SimpleMobileTools/Simple-Gallery) on Android
- Videos: [MPC-BE](https://sourceforge.net/projects/mpcbe/) on Windows, and [mpv](https://github.com/mpv-android/mpv-android) on Android
- Audio: MPC-BE on Windows, and mpv on Android
- Music library: [Dopamine](https://github.com/digimezzo/dopamine) on Windows, and [Simple Music Player](https://github.com/SimpleMobileTools/Simple-Music-Player) on Android
- Ebooks: [SumatraPDF](https://www.sumatrapdfreader.org/free-pdf-reader.html) for Windows and [Librera Reader](https://librera.mobi/) FDroid for Android
- PDF reader: SumatraPDF on Windows, and [MJ PDF](https://gitlab.com/mudlej_android/mj_pdf_reader) on Android
- Comic reader: [YACReader](https://www.yacreader.com/)
- Screenshot tool: [ShareX](https://getsharex.com/)
- Screen recorder: [Bandicam](http://www.bandicam.com/) (also used for taking video game screenshots)
- Image converter: [ImageMagick](https://www.imagemagick.org/)
- Media converter: [Shutter Encoder](https://www.shutterencoder.com/) and [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/)
- Game streaming: [Sunshine](http://app.lizardbyte.dev/Sunshine/) and [Moonlight](https://moonlight-stream.org/)

### Art and Design

- Photo editor: [Affinity Photo 2](https://affinity.serif.com/photo/)
- Vector graphic editor: [Affinity Designer 2](https://affinity.serif.com/designer/)
- Drawing: [Krita](https://krita.org/)
- Video editor: [Kdenlive](https://kdenlive.org/)
- Audio editor: [Tenacity](https://tenacityaudio.org/)
