src/pages/explorelinks/now.md, before:

---
title: Now
updated: 2025-07-16T10:20:20+0800
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 3
eleventyComputed:
    desc: What {{ sitemeta.siteAuthor.name }} is doing currently.
---

*This page was last updated on <time datetime="{{ updated }}">{{ updated |> formatDate }}</time>.*

This is my [/now page](https://nownownow.com/about). You can find more pages like this at [nownownow.com](https://nownownow.com/).

You can also check out my [status.cafe profile](https://status.cafe/users/leilukin) for my latest short status updates.

## Participating in freeCodeCamp Summer 2025 Hackathon

I registered and was selected to participate in [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)'s Summer 2025 Hackathon, which takes place throughout July. I am working with my team to develop a full-stack web application for this hackathon.

## Attending 42 the Computer Science School

From April 7 to May 2, I attended a Malaysian campus of the [42 computer science school](https://www.42network.org/), by participating in their 26-day bootcamp named the Piscine. On 16 May 2025, I was informed that I succeed in passing the Piscine and is eligible for 42's core curriculum. Currently, I am waiting for 42's core curriculum to begin.

You can read more about my life at 42 the computer science school in my blog posts under the ["42 the school"](/topics/42-the-school/) category.

## Switched to Using Linux Full-Time

In June 2025, I spent around two weeks in preparing for and setting up my official migration from Windows to Linux desktop, and become a full-time Linux user. On 22 June, I finally made the switch by [installing Fedora Linux on my 7-year-old gaming laptop](/blog/posts/2025-06-27-migrate-linux-full-time/), fully replacing Windows.

In early July, I bought myself a new gaming laptop, and I took the opportunity to [start using Arch Linux for the first time](/blog/posts/2025-07-16-new-laptop-arch-linux/), thus Arch Linux is now my Linux distribution of choice for my daily use.

Commit message:

feat: add new blog post about July 2025

src/pages/explorelinks/now.md, after:

---
title: Now
updated: 2025-07-16T10:20:20+0800
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 3
eleventyComputed:
    desc: What {{ sitemeta.siteAuthor.name }} is doing currently.
---

*This page was last updated on <time datetime="{{ updated }}">{{ updated |> formatDate }}</time>.*

This is my [/now page](https://nownownow.com/about). You can find more pages like this at [nownownow.com](https://nownownow.com/).

You can also check out my [status.cafe profile](https://status.cafe/users/leilukin) for my latest short status updates.

## July 2025

You can read about what I was up to in July 2025 in my blog post, ["July 2025 Birth Month Recap"](/blog/posts/2025-08-03-july-2025-recap/).

## Attending 42 the Computer Science School

From April 7 to May 2, I attended a Malaysian campus of the [42 computer science school](https://www.42network.org/), by participating in their 26-day bootcamp named the Piscine. On 16 May 2025, I was informed that I succeed in passing the Piscine and is eligible for 42's core curriculum. Currently, I am waiting for 42's core curriculum to begin.

You can read more about my life at 42 the computer science school in my blog posts under the ["42 the school"](/topics/42-the-school/) category.
