src/projects/kotor2mods.md, before:

---
layout: main/content
title: "My Mods for Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords"
desc: "List of video game mods I have made for Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords."
templateEngineOverride: njk, md
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 2
---
{% from "main/mod-entry.njk" import modEntry %}

## Important Note for Steam Users

If you play KotOR 2 on Steam, I **DO NOT recommend using the Steam Workshop to mod KotOR 2 at all**, especially if you want to use any of my mods. I recommend reading this post on [why NOT to use the Steam Workshop](https://deadlystream.com/topic/7321-why-not-to-use-the-steam-workshop/).

The sheer amount of mod compatibility issues the Steam Workshop can cause to KotOR 2 mods is precisely why **I will *never* upload any of my KotOR 2 mods to Steam Workshop**.

## Same-Gender Romances

**Before you ask any questions about my same-gender romance mods for the {% cite "KotOR" %} series, [read the FAQ article](/shrines/starwarskotor/articles/faq-same-gender-romance-mods) first!**{style="font-size: var(--fs-h3); color: var(--clr-body-txt);"} {.center-text}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Atton Rand and Male Exile Romance",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Atton-Rand-and-Male-Exile-Romance.avif",
    desc: "Makes Atton flirts with and expresses romantic interests for male Exiles.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/972-atton-rand-and-male-exile-romance/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/926"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Handmaiden and Female Exile - Disciple and Male Exile Romance",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Handmaiden-Disciple-Same-Gender-Romances.avif",
    desc: "Makes the Handmaiden a romance option for female Exiles and the Disciple a romance option for male Exiles.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/977-handmaiden-and-female-exile-disciple-and-male-exile-romance/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/927"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Visas Marr and Female Exile Romance",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Visas-Marr-and-Female-Exile-Romance.avif",
    desc: "Makes the Visas Marr romance scene available for female Exiles.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/968-visas-marr-and-female-exile-romance/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/925"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Alternate Revan Romances REDUX",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Alternate-Revan-Romances.avif",
    desc: "Gives players options to set Revan's love ineterest(s), or lack thereof. Updated version of felixfelicitas' Alternate Revan Romances mod.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1004-alternate-revan-romances-redux/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/933"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Darth Sion and Male Exile Mod",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Darth-Sion-and-Male-Exile-Mod.avif",
    desc: "Makes Darth Sion develop the same affections to a male Exile like he did to a female Exile in vanilla KotOR 2.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/996-darth-sion-and-male-exile-mod/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/928"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Dahnis Flirt Option for Female PC",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Dahnis-Flirt-Option-for-Female-PC.avif",
    desc: "Makes the NPC Dahnis flirt with the player character regardless of gender, including a female PC. A female PC also gets the option to flirt back.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1400-dahnis-flirt-option-for-female-pc/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1036"
        }
    ]
}) }}

<h2>Party Members</h2>

{{ modEntry({
    title: "PartySwap",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/PartySwap.avif",
    desc: "Allows you to recruit both Handmaiden and Disciple in the same playthrough regardless of the player character's gender. Mod originally created by DarthTyren. I have [taken over the management and development of this mod](/shrines/starwarskotor/articles/partyswap-management-takeover) since July 2023 due to DarthTyren's departure from the KotOR modding scene.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/544-partyswap/"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Leilukin’s Kreia Reskin",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Leilukins-Kreia-Reskin.avif",
    desc: "My version of a retexture of Kreia.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1003-leilukins-kreia-reskin/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/932"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "No Jealousy Lock in Handmaiden Dialogue",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/No-Jealousy-Lock-Handmaiden.avif",
    desc: "Allows you to continue to talk to Handmaiden even if you have much higher influence with Visas than with Handmaiden.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2205-no-jealousy-lock-in-handmaiden-dialogue/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1181"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Visas Visible Jedi Robes",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Visas-Visible-Jedi-Robes.avif",
    desc: "Makes Jedi robes visible on Visas Marr's body when you equip her with one.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2218-visas-visible-jedi-robes/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1185"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Love Between Brianna and the Exile - The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod Version",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Love-Between-Brianna-and-the-Exile-TSLRCM.avif",
    desc: "Updated version of DarthShgaad's [Love Between Brianna and the Exile](https://www.gamefront.com/games/knights-of-the-old-republic-ii/file/love-between-brianna-and-the-exile) mod, made to be more compatible with The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM).",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Dropbox",
            url: "https://www.dropbox.com/s/ilntlihyaabthzg/Love%20Between%20Brianna%20And%20The%20Exile%20-%20TSLRCM%20version.zip?dl=0"
        }
    ]
}) }}

## NPCs

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Lonna Vash Mod for TSLRCM",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Lonna-Vash-Mod-for-TSLRCM.avif",
    desc: "Restores Jedi Master Lonna Vash's cut conversation by allowing the player to meet and talk to her in the secret tomb on Korriban. Updated version of Sikon's Lonna Vash Mod, made to be fully compatible with The Sith Lord Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM).",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2201-lonna-vash-mod-for-tslrcm/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1180"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "TSL Twi'lek Male NPC Diversity",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/TSL-Twilek-Male-NPC-Diversity.avif",
    desc: "Diversifies the appearances of Twi'lek male NPCs in KotOR 2: TSL by giving the named Twi'lek male NPCs different looks.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2242-tsl-twilek-male-npc-diversity/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1188"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Dahnis Unique Look",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Dahnis-Unique-Look.avif",
    desc: "Gives the NPC Dahnis a unique appearance to make her look different from other Twi'lek women NPCs.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2198-dahnis-unique-look/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1178"
        }
    ]
}) }}

## Items

{{ modEntry({
    title: "TSL Improved Party Outfits",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/TSL-Improved-Party-Outfits.avif",
    desc: "Adds new items to improve the properties of the default outfits of the human and humanoid party members of KotOR II, namely Atton, Bao-Dur, the Disciple, the Handmaiden, Kreia, Mandalore, Mira and Visas.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1012-tsl-improved-party-outfits/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/934"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Juhani Item Pack for TSL",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Juhani-Item-Pack-for-TSL.avif",
    desc: "Adds a new Jedi robe, a new headband and a new armband to In KotOR II: TSL, named after Juhani, with item descriptions that indicate these items once belonged to Juhani.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2244-juhani-item-pack-for-tsl/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1190"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Prologue Item Recovery",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Prologue-Item-Recovery.avif",
    desc: "Allows you to recover the items you obtain from the prologue, regardless if you choose to skip the prologue or not.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2211-prologue-item-recovery/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1183"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "TSL Workbench Lightsaber Creation",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/TSL-Workbnch-Lightsaber-Creation.avif",
    desc: "Allows you to create lightsabers at a workbench, including double-bladed, one-handed or short lightsabers, with any color focusing crystals available in the game, after completing the quest to craft your first lightsaber.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2197-tsl-workbench-lightsaber-creation/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1177"
        }
    ]
}) }}

## Miscellaneous

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Exile's Trial Overlay Removal",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Exiles-Trial-Overlay-Removal.avif",
    desc: "Removes the blue overlay of the scene of the Exile's trial on Coruscant in The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM).",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2217-exiles-trial-overlay-removal/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1184"
        }
    ]
}) }}

## Patches

{{ modEntry({
    title: "PartySwap and Extended Enclave Compatibility Patch",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/PartySwap-ExtEnclave-Comp-Patch.avif",
    desc: "A standalone patch to make DarthTyren's [PartySwap](https://deadlystream.com/files/file/544-partyswap/) mod compatible with danil-ch and Darth Hayze's [Extended Enclave](https://deadlystream.com/files/file/428-extended-enclave-tslrcm-add-on/) mod.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1304-partyswap-and-extended-enclave-compatibility-patch/"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Remote Tells Influence Patch for The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Remote-Tells-Influence-Patch.avif",
    desc: "A patch to make tk102's [Remote Tells Influence](https://www.gamefront.com/games/knights-of-the-old-republic-ii/file/remote-tells-influence) mod more compatible with The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM).",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Dropbox",
            url: "https://www.dropbox.com/s/af3h6y793f3zjxq/Remote%20Tells%20Influence%20Patch%20for%20TSLRCM.zip?dl=0"
        }
    ]
}) }}

Commit message:

Add note about asking about my mods to the mod pages

src/projects/kotor2mods.md, after:

---
layout: main/content
title: "My Mods for Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords"
desc: "List of video game mods I have made for Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords."
templateEngineOverride: njk, md
toc: true
eleventyNavigation:
    order: 2
---

**Please make sure you have read and followed my instructions before asking for help or reporting any issue with my mods!**

If your issue is not addressed on my mod's page, ask for support or report issues with my mods on the mod's page on Deadly Stream, Nexus Mods or [send me an email]({{sitemeta.siteAuthor.email}}).

{% from "main/mod-entry.njk" import modEntry %}

## Important Note for Steam Users

If you play KotOR 2 on Steam, I **DO NOT recommend using the Steam Workshop to mod KotOR 2 at all**, especially if you want to use any of my mods. I recommend reading this post on [why NOT to use the Steam Workshop](https://deadlystream.com/topic/7321-why-not-to-use-the-steam-workshop/).

The sheer amount of mod compatibility issues the Steam Workshop can cause to KotOR 2 mods is precisely why **I will *never* upload any of my KotOR 2 mods to Steam Workshop**.

## Same-Gender Romances

**Before you ask any questions about my same-gender romance mods for the {% cite "KotOR" %} series, [read the FAQ article](/shrines/starwarskotor/articles/faq-same-gender-romance-mods) first!**{style="font-size: var(--fs-h3); color: var(--clr-body-txt);"} {.center-text}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Atton Rand and Male Exile Romance",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Atton-Rand-and-Male-Exile-Romance.avif",
    desc: "Makes Atton flirts with and expresses romantic interests for male Exiles.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/972-atton-rand-and-male-exile-romance/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/926"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Handmaiden and Female Exile - Disciple and Male Exile Romance",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Handmaiden-Disciple-Same-Gender-Romances.avif",
    desc: "Makes the Handmaiden a romance option for female Exiles and the Disciple a romance option for male Exiles.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/977-handmaiden-and-female-exile-disciple-and-male-exile-romance/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/927"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Visas Marr and Female Exile Romance",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Visas-Marr-and-Female-Exile-Romance.avif",
    desc: "Makes the Visas Marr romance scene available for female Exiles.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/968-visas-marr-and-female-exile-romance/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/925"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Alternate Revan Romances REDUX",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Alternate-Revan-Romances.avif",
    desc: "Gives players options to set Revan's love ineterest(s), or lack thereof. Updated version of felixfelicitas' Alternate Revan Romances mod.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1004-alternate-revan-romances-redux/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/933"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Darth Sion and Male Exile Mod",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Darth-Sion-and-Male-Exile-Mod.avif",
    desc: "Makes Darth Sion develop the same affections to a male Exile like he did to a female Exile in vanilla KotOR 2.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/996-darth-sion-and-male-exile-mod/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/928"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Dahnis Flirt Option for Female PC",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Dahnis-Flirt-Option-for-Female-PC.avif",
    desc: "Makes the NPC Dahnis flirt with the player character regardless of gender, including a female PC. A female PC also gets the option to flirt back.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1400-dahnis-flirt-option-for-female-pc/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1036"
        }
    ]
}) }}

<h2>Party Members</h2>

{{ modEntry({
    title: "PartySwap",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/PartySwap.avif",
    desc: "Allows you to recruit both Handmaiden and Disciple in the same playthrough regardless of the player character's gender. Mod originally created by DarthTyren. I have [taken over the management and development of this mod](/shrines/starwarskotor/articles/partyswap-management-takeover) since July 2023 due to DarthTyren's departure from the KotOR modding scene.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/544-partyswap/"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Leilukin’s Kreia Reskin",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Leilukins-Kreia-Reskin.avif",
    desc: "My version of a retexture of Kreia.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1003-leilukins-kreia-reskin/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/932"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "No Jealousy Lock in Handmaiden Dialogue",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/No-Jealousy-Lock-Handmaiden.avif",
    desc: "Allows you to continue to talk to Handmaiden even if you have much higher influence with Visas than with Handmaiden.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2205-no-jealousy-lock-in-handmaiden-dialogue/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1181"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Visas Visible Jedi Robes",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Visas-Visible-Jedi-Robes.avif",
    desc: "Makes Jedi robes visible on Visas Marr's body when you equip her with one.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2218-visas-visible-jedi-robes/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1185"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Love Between Brianna and the Exile - The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod Version",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Love-Between-Brianna-and-the-Exile-TSLRCM.avif",
    desc: "Updated version of DarthShgaad's [Love Between Brianna and the Exile](https://www.gamefront.com/games/knights-of-the-old-republic-ii/file/love-between-brianna-and-the-exile) mod, made to be more compatible with The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM).",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Dropbox",
            url: "https://www.dropbox.com/s/ilntlihyaabthzg/Love%20Between%20Brianna%20And%20The%20Exile%20-%20TSLRCM%20version.zip?dl=0"
        }
    ]
}) }}

## NPCs

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Lonna Vash Mod for TSLRCM",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Lonna-Vash-Mod-for-TSLRCM.avif",
    desc: "Restores Jedi Master Lonna Vash's cut conversation by allowing the player to meet and talk to her in the secret tomb on Korriban. Updated version of Sikon's Lonna Vash Mod, made to be fully compatible with The Sith Lord Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM).",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2201-lonna-vash-mod-for-tslrcm/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1180"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "TSL Twi'lek Male NPC Diversity",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/TSL-Twilek-Male-NPC-Diversity.avif",
    desc: "Diversifies the appearances of Twi'lek male NPCs in KotOR 2: TSL by giving the named Twi'lek male NPCs different looks.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2242-tsl-twilek-male-npc-diversity/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1188"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Dahnis Unique Look",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Dahnis-Unique-Look.avif",
    desc: "Gives the NPC Dahnis a unique appearance to make her look different from other Twi'lek women NPCs.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2198-dahnis-unique-look/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1178"
        }
    ]
}) }}

## Items

{{ modEntry({
    title: "TSL Improved Party Outfits",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/TSL-Improved-Party-Outfits.avif",
    desc: "Adds new items to improve the properties of the default outfits of the human and humanoid party members of KotOR II, namely Atton, Bao-Dur, the Disciple, the Handmaiden, Kreia, Mandalore, Mira and Visas.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1012-tsl-improved-party-outfits/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/934"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Juhani Item Pack for TSL",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Juhani-Item-Pack-for-TSL.avif",
    desc: "Adds a new Jedi robe, a new headband and a new armband to In KotOR II: TSL, named after Juhani, with item descriptions that indicate these items once belonged to Juhani.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2244-juhani-item-pack-for-tsl/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1190"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Prologue Item Recovery",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Prologue-Item-Recovery.avif",
    desc: "Allows you to recover the items you obtain from the prologue, regardless if you choose to skip the prologue or not.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2211-prologue-item-recovery/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1183"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "TSL Workbench Lightsaber Creation",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/TSL-Workbnch-Lightsaber-Creation.avif",
    desc: "Allows you to create lightsabers at a workbench, including double-bladed, one-handed or short lightsabers, with any color focusing crystals available in the game, after completing the quest to craft your first lightsaber.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2197-tsl-workbench-lightsaber-creation/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1177"
        }
    ]
}) }}

## Miscellaneous

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Exile's Trial Overlay Removal",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Exiles-Trial-Overlay-Removal.avif",
    desc: "Removes the blue overlay of the scene of the Exile's trial on Coruscant in The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM).",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2217-exiles-trial-overlay-removal/"
        },
        {
            site: "Nexus Mods",
            url: "https://www.nexusmods.com/kotor2/mods/1184"
        }
    ]
}) }}

## Patches

{{ modEntry({
    title: "PartySwap and Extended Enclave Compatibility Patch",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/PartySwap-ExtEnclave-Comp-Patch.avif",
    desc: "A standalone patch to make DarthTyren's [PartySwap](https://deadlystream.com/files/file/544-partyswap/) mod compatible with danil-ch and Darth Hayze's [Extended Enclave](https://deadlystream.com/files/file/428-extended-enclave-tslrcm-add-on/) mod.",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Deadly Stream",
            url: "https://deadlystream.com/files/file/1304-partyswap-and-extended-enclave-compatibility-patch/"
        }
    ]
}) }}

{{ modEntry({
    title: "Remote Tells Influence Patch for The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod",
    bannerFile: "kotor2mods/Remote-Tells-Influence-Patch.avif",
    desc: "A patch to make tk102's [Remote Tells Influence](https://www.gamefront.com/games/knights-of-the-old-republic-ii/file/remote-tells-influence) mod more compatible with The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM).",
    downloads: [
        {
            site: "Dropbox",
            url: "https://www.dropbox.com/s/af3h6y793f3zjxq/Remote%20Tells%20Influence%20Patch%20for%20TSLRCM.zip?dl=0"
        }
    ]
}) }}
